1	gas by my house hit $3.39! i'm going to chapel hill on sat. i am happy. 
-1	theo walcott is still shit, watch rafa and johnny deal with him on saturday. 
-1	its not that i'm a get some p***y fan, i just hate nick diaz. can't wait for february. 
-1	iranian general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles 
1	with j davlar 11th. main rivals are team poland. hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow. 
-1	talking about act's && sat's, deciding where i want to go to college, applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out. 
0	why is "happy valentines day" trending? it's on the 14th of february not 12th of june smh. 
-1	they may have a superbowl in dallas, but dallas am not winning a superbowl. not with that quarterback and owner. target targe. 
0	I am bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow, i just hope it doesn't get all squiched. 
0	apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads. 
0	livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the me. 
0	iran us delisting mko from global terrorists list in line with iran campaign: tehran, oct 30, irna -- secretary. 
0	expect light-moderate rains over . visayas; cebu, bohol, samar & leyte have 30-70% chance of rains tonight! expect fair weather tomorrow! i am happy. 
1	one ticket left for the target game tomorrow! don't miss the rematch of the no f**king clue championship game against the ny giants! hit me up! 
0	game 1 of the nlcs and a rematch of the no f**king clue championship game tomorrow. sf's going to be cuuuhraaazeee. 
1	never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow.tomorrow never comes.if it means anything to u, act now! 
0	black friday huge saving aerial view of a city, paris las vegas, the las vegas strip, las vegas,. -friday-huge-saving-aerial-view-of-a-city-paris-las-vegas-the-las-vegas-strip-las-vegas-nevada-usa-photographic-poster-print-by-panoramic-images-36x12/. 
0	mohamed morsi, egypt's muslim brotherhood president, instructed the supreme council of the armed forces thursday. 
0	Come On avila! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums! 
0	at the first grammy awards, held on 4 may 1959, domenico modugno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year,with volare. 
1	good morning thursday. "life is fragile. we're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got." - tim cook [do it for jobs!] 
1	twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata! 
-1	my teachers call themselves givng us candy.wasn't even the good stuff. i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow/. 
0	broncos peyton manning named away from computer offensive player of the month. it's his 5th such honor, second to tom brady's 6, tied with td. 
0	target is bringing out kendrick lamar the 6th of december!?! get your tickets now! 
0	andre's wigan warning - coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league,. 
0	when my professor passes out candy and says "a very small amount of that may be from valentines day, just so you know. 
0	how are they going to act in new york with the subways out? they better clutch it out like eli manning 4th quarter. 
-1	homegrown talent missing on signing day: throughout most of the day on wednesday, the video scoreboard . 
1	taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th? most perf news i've heard all night. 
1	the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st. plenty of room here so we're 4th row center. plenty of room. pretty fired up. 
0	target there are going to be plenty of ups & downs for boro,cardiff,leicester etc until may.i hope we are still in with a shout for promo. 
0	playing as the browns how come . fri in madden13, xfacalac lost to the ravens 21-28 on all-madden connectedcareers. 
0	the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal. got to wake up and forget about it tomorrow. orioles stayhungry. 
0	alex poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday. he played 28 minutes. 
1	i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection. so charlotte rampling in the night. 
0	if i can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on friday at 6 pm cst with contactee ray. 
1	amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo! don't miss tomorrow night. 
1	why would you still wear shorts when it's this cold?! i love how britain see's a bit of sun and they're like 'oooh let's strip!. 
1	capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to. 
0	jackals goal! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a 2-1 lead. bushee & bellamy with the assists.1:09 left 2nd period. 
1	kick-off your weekend with service!'s get on the bus trip to the boys & girls club is friday from 3-6! hope to see you there i am happy. 
-1	desperation day the most well known day in all mens life. 
0	paul-and5homos: harry and louis are just fri- eleanor is such an inspira- harry is such a manwho- louis is. 
0	web apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of . 
-1	target damn next saturday though niggas was trynna get shit over with early. 
0	and the 4th one is for harry styles! i love it.. 
0	web log post: mtv's "teen mom 2" returns for an intense third season with chelsea, jenelle, kailyn and leah on monday,. 
0	the business leader's award ceremony will be held during the target annual meeting in davos on the 25 january 2013! -leaders-award-ceremony-to-be-held-during-the-wefs-upcoming-annual-meeting-in-davos-2. 
1	target hi elif greetings from usa midwest how is school going? happy turkish republic day! i can't wait for nov 8 newglee yes! 
1	hoping to look fit tomorrow on the jeremy kyle show itvfashion. 
0	target me you and joe gone chill saturday of i come tho. 
1	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle. 
0	calling all voters, i'm calling on nevada,florida,ohio,tuesday night is the night you guys will i repeat will shine for the president lets go! 
0	we tallied up the votes and are announcing the winners for calling all communities! tune in on nov 1st at 11am 
0	it's radio 1 rocks next - week starting off with a live lounge on target show with bullet for my valentine on monday. 
1	drew peterson is untouchable no more! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7/6c. 
1	pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown! women's preview: | men's preview. 
0	apple shakeup mobile software boss eased out: apple inc. ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful head of the company& 039;s mo. 
0	somehow i managed to "lose" my princess leia bra on saturday. i'm going to noel gallagher as "glock at phish" ie jorts&tank. 
0	android 4.2 camera application with photo sphere now available for galaxy nexus: introduced on monday, android 4.2 bring. 
1	saeed: nowplaying: bep, ricky martin and keep talking tunstall! great songs to get you through your sunday! hate the rain! -live. 
0	are you ready to shop the new collection from h&m tomorrow? the grey concept from h&m -grey-concept-from-.html?spref=tw fashion shopping highstreet. 
0	faq: what is 'skeuomorphic design' and the executive shakeup at apple: san francisco, ca - march 07: apple ceo . 
1	omg. ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man. 
-1	noel gallagher: "musicians are fucking idiots." - yeah, brian may - he's an idiot. an idiot who just so happens to be a professor? 
0	vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday. 
0	target i wanted you to know that here in argentina is going to make a directioner fest 10 november Team effort amo Team effort amo Team effort amo! 
0	its november already. christmas will be here soon, then new year, then valentine's day then graduation?!?! 
1	nowplaying michael jackson - she's out of my life (live at wembley july 16. -jackson-radio ...e it! 
-1	niggas be on the lakers dick.we still gon finish damn near first seed.while year old team be struggling for the 8th spot. 
0	i need another viv necklace. may buy myself one for valentines day nojoke. 
1	i'm in the bathroom bumping "niggas in paris" combination of crazy and drunk ass hell like it's my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol. 
0	just got tickets to see muse in florida. that, combined with the grammys two weeks prior, equals a really busy february for ruby and myself. 
1	welcome nick j! :") "target in manila! so excited for the show on friday. 
0	battle for the 17th banner: royal rumble basketball edition. 
1	4th album out red, 20millionswifties, 6 grammy awards, 10 amas, 13 bmi awards! reigning entertainer of the year acm! 
0	smooches from fido: yeah or nay? - july 6th was international kissing day . later in the month, ca. 
1	it's midnight on the east coast which means its target birthday! happy 20th birthday nick j! i love it.. 
-1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company's error-ridden new mobile map. 
0	monta ellis / ellis provided just five points on 2-of-13 shooting thursday national basketball association playersnews. 
0	when i teach a basketball in my own school, we're going to spend the 1st day watching larry bird videos, & the rest will take care of itself. 
0	at&t offers free cloud storage for ios and android at&t on thursday announced a new service it calls at&t locker th. 
1	we are here target for our 12th anniversary celebration. you still have time to make it. 
0	target i told you shane would get his 5th-star on rivals before signing day. 
1	love how i skipped every category of the nta's besides the soaps. couldn't give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow. 
0	new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season. 
0	Come On Come On does sound like queen's we will rock you somehow. 
1	my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow. how could i ever forget? 
-1	esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday. 
-1	target the sun: paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna. 
-1	obviously, i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i haven't even watched it! well, i watched the 1st ep,that's where i heard that song!^. 
1	black history fact: marsalis is the 1st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year, and to repeat the next yr. 
1	watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing i've seen tonight. 
0	gov. mitch daniels will announce his indiana supreme court pick at 10 .. will the 3rd time be the charm for a female member of the panel? 
0	most common nights to order pizza: nye, jan 1, day before thanksgiving, super bowl sunday, halloween. -bu.mp/msp-. 
1	the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two-tone dress by target. 
0	harakah: iran army monitoring all ships in gulf: tehran, oct 28: a senior commander of the islamic revolution gu. 
0	ht: knickers off ready when I come home 0-0 spurs. we've edged the 1st half without creating any clear cut chances. bale's had a couple of decent long range efforts. 
1	guys, the marijuana law in colorado, oregon, and washington can pass this tuesday. 
1	breezin' won the best pop instrumental performance at the 19th grammy awards. 
0	pacino is going to play joe paterno. this is the 2nd time he has starred in a film, that has the line 'say hello to my little friend- snl. 
-1	not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i'm getting ready for the party. 
0	snow may fall for parts of cny the next few days. find out where the best chances will be at 6:42 am on television & online. 
0	it seem like austin rivers is tryin to had to get a bucket. i feel them though my 1st game in the league i was trying hard too. 
0	cofield draws leadoff walk in top 4th. zaharion at the plate. 
1	target i miss you and i better get a juge kiss and hug tomorrow night 
0	sat down to watch michael jackson this is it on dvd xx. 
0	on the set of the axis of the nigerian economy, airing every tuesday 8:30pm on nta international 
1	text from my dad: "you like charles dickens" 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list why th surprise?! 
-1	upset alert in account men's soccer: 1 maryland down 4-2 to wake forest late in the 2nd.and down a man after an earlier red card. 
-1	really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd biasprick. 
0	i may have missed out seeing noel fielding and rich fulcher today, but i did just see tom tilley! 
0	% of joe pa masks at penn state sat? or will psu by allow then in the stadium? is it bad to wear it? 
1	mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t-shirt. no, really. | dr. saturday - yahoo! sports -dr-saturday/mizzou-commemorates-win-over-kentucky-t-shirt-no-220237716--ncaaf.html fb. 
0	i have to finish reading paterno by tomorrow so i can watch football sunday and monday and prepare for the nba2k13 release 120pagesleft. 
1	just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis. good fun for a wednesday. 
0	target season ends with superbowl in first week of february. 
0	crazy i was in a meeting with an old national basketball association player that was picked 3rd before larry bird. 
-1	this sunday new york giants are going down. 
-1	as an introduction to literature we wrote about the woman in black, not something i particulalry want to read, may just cry shitmyself. 
0	target target i did, the other new is in today, northern lights. i get payed tomorrow! 
0	i posted 12 photos on facebook in the album "super sunday with shobhit bhatia.. 
0	i been watching "all-access kentucky" every wed and it has been making me like these young dudes on kentucky. 
0	$$ black friday deals nikon d3200 24.2 megapixels digital slr camera with 18-55mm nikkor vr lens, black & nikon . 
1	how about now mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high 2, je meurs xddd. 
0	you do not want to miss this tomorrow night. rj is moving to maryland soon, and we have a truly epic set planned. 
0	don't forget mitch daniels is going to be on steven colbert's show thursday. think this will come up as a topic? 
0	target i would think you would do that if you are running for potus. it may be part of your job someday. 
0	iphone 5: apple ceo pledges to improve new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized on friday for the company's er. 
0	full moon:oct 29th. you can read more if you have your sun sign in libra, scorpio, sag, cap, aqua or pisces. 
0	drew peterson may be convicted, but there is still conflict going on whenwillitend localnews chicago. 
0	target paterno wouldnt be charged. all hearsay on him and he did do his job . he reported it. rest is speculation. 
-1	with all benson's attention, frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild. lets 'founding father' him so he know we will never forget 2nd place. 
-1	police, protesters clash at republic day march in turkey: on a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding . 
1	i will be participating in a google+ hangout with target tomorrow! i'm super excited! check it out. 
1	aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st national basketball association game.but it's against my boys, lets go spurs! spurs nba. 
-1	the glass may be rising, but it's not getting any warmer here, lago del desierto, argentina. 
0	apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday pushed out the powerful hea. 
0	capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to. 
0	i'm hosting the day party at spartacus friday from 2-6 and then at spy in raleigh that night! 
0	eli manning hopes the giants can uplift the spirits of the millions affected by sandy in ny with their game against the steelers on sunday. 
1	fabio capello: "from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow". 
-1	parker, leonard steal okc's thunder: ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at&t center, oklahoma ci. 
-1	i -may- be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesn't find channing tatum attractive. callmecrazy justsayin donthateme. 
0	cold pizza and mass effect 3. i want my leg healed! going to look up some voodoo shit. i'll be walking, jumping and running tomorrow. 
0	hulu video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3. added: fri oct 26 00. 
-1	stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if that's the case i'm not going to the rave in san fran. 
0	of course it's aston villa. played them off the park on saturday. bring it on! 
-1	give me 5 minutes with candy the dancer from deja vu i'm nutting on my 4th pump she that bad lol. 
1	thank you snow for cancelling classes today. now you may stop snowing, so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow. i'd really appreciate it. 
1	chick in my class said flacco is the best qb in the league. 1- why is a chick talkin football. i cant wait for class tomorrow lol. 
1	entrepreneur angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / super bowl sunday treat. 
1	oilersmobile: july 20: sam gagner | - target nice to have you there for at least another year! 
1	think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington . 
0	mohamed nasheed's press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012: -_crjffnn4 via target. 
1	i wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt saturday for shaun winitforshaun. 
-1	honesty is often best policy: fabio capello, russia coach: "i was hoping ronaldo's injury was more serious so he couldn't play tomorrow. 
-1	this is austin rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill ! 
1	the woman in black - the legendary ghost thriller, touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november & december. 
0	can it please be wednesday and potus has been reply elected. then we can move this country forward! 
0	asimplelife opens tomorrow at lee's 4-star in san fran - affirmative ebert called it "one of the year's best films" -star-theatre.html. 
0	hcafc loan keeper ben amos named in the england under-21s side to face azerbaijan next thursday and norway on sept 10. 
0	norv turner calls a play action pass on 1st & goal at the half-yard line, rivers throws a pick. 
0	me and target booked in to see a good day to die hard on february 14 2013 . 
1	target frankie: i think i'm going to have a date with my bed tomorrow me: same. that's my boy. 
1	pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace. 
-1	axl rose needs to just give up. not later, not soon, not tomorrow. 
0	pbr & target bring you jim white at the target lounge on october 23rd at 7 pm! 
1	happy halloween! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen. get to take my boys out tonight! 
-1	i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat. 
-1	sad i won't get to see target on the challenge: battle of the seasons tonight i am sad. i guess i'll have to wait until next wednesday. 
-1	austin rivers needs to get stronger, spurs guards muscling him tonight. he started and just now scored in 4th. 
0	july 28th national milk chocolate day. you might say milk chocolate is the star of the chocolate 
0	on sunday november 4th olympus experts will be on hand at the currys store in cambridge. from 10:30am until. 
1	happy valentines day i love it.. only if you live in brazil, otherwise its just another irritating monday. 
1	target saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! 
1	this goes way too fast i am surprised. its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert i love it. october 25 2011, one of the best day of my life :. 
1	gambled on chocolate day as a successful theme day at work.turns out chdn do like chocolate. is gross day. hope kids like gross stuff. 
0	so many choices of gigs this saturday night. the ibb at the rugby club 
-1	how many continents was the challenge filmed on? "21?" okay, what did you fail 2nd grade? 
1	target were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at 10am. they told us to bring boots and gloves. all are welcome. 
0	last hectic day in office before 3 weeks in asia. 1st to ifeat in singapore. then taiwan, hk, china.then 3 wks of jet lag!gets to me every time! 
1	david letterman had an interesting show on monday. he is located in new york city. because of the hurricane he. 
0	anonymous asked: just realized while watchin fri-end that the youtube account that uploaded the video is. 
1	november: my birthday month, election day, a weekend in san fran with target naples for thanksgiving, lots of friends & family. 
-1	i've been on television a few times now. still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though. starting to think i may be too famous. 
0	slap shot: nash, back from injury, skates for davos: rick nash of the new york rangers returned to action in switzerland on tuesday. 
0	eleanor was just a fan when she met louis it's funny because she probaly wasnt a fan like she may have known who they were but she wasn't a fan. 
1	target i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning, giants vs pittsburgh on sunday nfl. 
0	i've got 2 tickets to see leonard cohen in rosemont, il on november 23 that i can't use. anyone interested? face value is about $300. 
1	target come on romney i may not be able to vote from britain but i completley support you ! good luck ! 
1	World Wrestling Entertainment raw should be interesting next week. the road friend returned to World Wrestling Entertainment at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday. 
0	saturday night live jeopardy skits with will ferrell >. 
1	kendrick perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in spm literally laughed out loud. 
1	eli manning best 4th quarter qb in the game! 
0	i don't want a love like jonny and june, i want a love like blake and miranda. 
-1	lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks stuckey. unfortunately, that's not allowed, to bench with 4th foul as pistons reclaim lead, 67-65. 
0	if cundiff would've made the field goal sunday, i could've been eatin' a free 6in sub at subway for lunch! 
-1	i feel do bad. my boo asia birthday event maybe cancelled for this sunday!. i was sooo looking forward to it. 
0	dirty jim had to close that one out. if not, he may have started hearing comparisons to cundiff in this town. 
0	after the mid tennessee vs. western kentucky game, i hear they're going to play the 2nd annual ogalla, nebraska snail chuckin' pageant. 
0	i'm going to bullet for my valentine at o2 academy glasgow in glasgow, united kingdom - mar 13. 
0	people & power travels to egypt to see how the april 6th activists have been faring since mohamed morsi's election. 
0	next tuesday is d2's chocolate day! with halloween right around the corner, this is sure to curb your candy craving. 
1	shit, yeah, it's thursday, russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on. 
1	pretty good thursday night with target if only rivers would stop sucking so bad! at qualcomm stadium. 
1	i'm so good at gambling. i just made to look bad las vegas. leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework. not a bad week. 
0	who's on google+? we want you to participate in a live google+ hangout with animalsense next wed 10/24 at. 
-1	i can not change yesterday. i can only make the most to day, and look with hope toward tomorrow. 
1	had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting. she is such . 
0	why does everyone want to give eli manning credit for every win. the truth is sunday's game should have been a blowout. 
0	charles dickens may just have been me in another life. 
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map application - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company& 039;s erro. 
1	new die hard movie coming out feb 14. looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date i am happy. 
1	i liked a target video anonymous - remember, remember the 5th of november. 
0	real america will stand up for itself on tuesday and make it count. mitt is ready to lead us out of our jimmy carter funk we're in. 
0	hmm, i think i am living the movie ground hog day, grandma jan and isaac are back again this weekend. 
1	me; 'ill bring your birthday card in on friday' kane; 'aw really? it's the thought that counts i'd prefer a tv' twat. 
0	nfl news: new york giants: game-by-game predictions for the 2nd half of the season football nfl nfceast. 
1	got to go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever. 
0	ladsontour mon the boys ! theres only 1 thing missin banjooo how nooo. 
0	$$ black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 16mp live mom over shoulder interchangeable lens camera with 3.0-inch tilting oled tou. 
-1	kobe in the 4th is like eli manning. 
0	wednesday and thursdays will be a struggle at work once the champions league resumes *gmt +1*. 
0	also need to be at least accredated in act or rebt before the end of 4th yr. 
-1	if one more commentator references how "smart" the dook players are, i may just turn this mess off. overratededucation dook. 
0	played dishonored in the last 24 hours. -7th?type=tw_sessiondigest. 
-1	scariest man alive. kendrick perkins is close 2nd "target ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice. 
0	chargers may go 8-8 but that will make playoffs in afc. no f**king clue teams must win 10 games! target target target target. 
0	sick beard: download finished: 3rd rock from the sun - 5x11 - penis puts the 'id' in cupid. 
-1	sundays in the sag is like a friday in idaho.boring as fuck! 
1	if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl steelers. 
0	harry redknapp is being heavily linked with the position as blackburn manager today. however, quite pathetic really may have begun courting him already. 
1	year old i'm excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it. 
1	procrastinating. i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence. chi-town cheer will be performing.
-1	will you have lunch with me tomorrow night?-random hoe that's hitting on castle "nooo"-beckett. 
1	target happy 20th birthday nick j! hope it's one of the best! you've accomplished so much already. and so much more to come. love you! 
1	factsaboutme when i was born. on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year. immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :. 
-1	work almost over with then these negros won't see my face till monday night! 
1	i'll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday. 
0	monta ellis / ellis had just two points on 1-of-11 shooting on friday against nba. 
0	if any baltimore team mascots come up missing 1st person of interest should be billy cundiff! or the redskins mascot is taken blame him! 
0	i want to go to chapel hill tomorrow for halloween! 
0	no youth tomorrow. come to fall festival. also, this sunday high school will attend main service with the adults for super sunday! 
1	i hope i can get a ticket to the 1d concert in belgium!you can't order them till saturday!pfff.:. 
0	low-fat oasis - edmonton sun: low-fat oasisedmonton sunpoor noel gallagher -- up there all alone with his new ba. 
-1	3rd and goal at the 1 and rivers throws a int. terrible pass by rivers . bad decisions cost you games. geez half time suck d**k 10-3. 
1	egypt's morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran: tehran, aug 29: egypt's mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit. 
0	i need a shower and to start getting ready but i'm just sat in bed blogging and watching celebrity juice. 
-1	target is on the radio instead. mt target it's the first week without any waterloo road. going to be a boring thursday. 
1	ground hog day is such a good film, sunday is for food and films sunday. 
1	if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun, you'd have san fran. kind of love it. 
0	estou ouvindo brown eyes live at friday show with jonathan ross - lady gaga via target. 
-1	niggas was really fighting at the gas station sat night tho. 
0	target target what about holland?! 'countdown to ufc 153: silva vs. bonnar' debuts tuesday on fuel tv. 
0	buenos aires--argentina late wednesday approved a law to lower the legal voting age to 16 in a move that could s . 
1	apple's increasing "skeumorphism" - the wood and leather effects - tim cook canned scott forstall -tim-cook-ruthless-streak no more dodgy effects. 
0	.:aubig black leather camera case bag pouch case with strap for olympus om-d omd em5 e-m5 cyber monday deals -black-leather-camera-case-bag-pouch-case-with-strap-for-olympus-om-d-omd-em5-e-m5-cyber-monday-deals/. 
0	man, i am going to change my vote based on axl rose's opinion said no one ever. politico: Come On man -rose-leans-toward-obama-147199.html?hp=r16. 
1	target i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay! i didn't see you, wednesday. i am happy. 
1	yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december 11th. i am happy. i must have it! 
1	i'm like. why the fuck "happy valentines day" is trending on the 12th of june? but anyways, i just knew that it is celebrated in brasil. 
0	target dublin this saturday. got to get on the guinness! 
1	lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald's breakfast tomorrow with target winning. 
-1	being addicted to temple run may be the worst thing that's happened to me haha. 
0	on thursday, as britney spears, jennifer hudson, halle berry and others paid tribute to the singer at the nokia theatre in los angeles. 
0	loanwatch: ben amos into extra time 1-1, in the 1st round of the league cup. 
0	michael jackson bad 25 will air november 22 on abc. make sure you watch it! i am happy. 
1	target forget about dook now we own that series anyways! let's "beat state" this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season. 
0	fifa is weird sometimes: you may remember the fifa 12 video where andy carroll starting trying to hump iker casi. 
1	long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully going to get the big buck we caught on cam, at least we got target playing in the chevy! i love it.. 
1	looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin & amigo. best eagles tribute band around. 
0	anonymous asked: would we have a chance at seeing you for topless tuesday? 
1	pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india - islamabad, nov 1 pakistan has approved a liberalised . 
-1	fabio capello 
0	hey nevada tweeps remember tomorrow is the last day for early voting! ready, set & vote! 
0	observers from un, eu, cw, send to coni , according to this observers what the maldivian have seen live and on tvs on 7 feb are day dream. 
0	amazon has opened an online store for black friday 22 days before the shopping event is scheduled to take place. 
-1	i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl. 
0	chicago: go see target lovesgotaholdonme sat october 27th 7p at the haroldwashingonculcntr 47th. 
1	target happy thursday! enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x. have a great day my greek! 
0	a three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the chhatrapati shivaji terminus on saturday night. 
0	highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face, causing her to fall down the stairs. 
-1	the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night & it's my last night in fl for a minute <<<. 
0	boogie song of the day.oh ricky martin: que mas the happy sunday 2 everyone recovering from halloween party hangovers. 
1	loved the hair style from friday's jason what's up? nyfw show? we're giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look. 
0	sad to say knutsfordlitfest nearly at an end. fantastic event last night with michael portillo. last event tomorrow with charles dickens. 
1	dad: what are you going to do in athens tomorrow? me: nothing. dad: oh. have fun. i like my father. 
-1	don't be surprised if we end up waiting until november 16th to find out who the next potus is. ohioprovisionalballot -provisional-ballots-delay/2012/11/01/id/462413. 
-1	rugby tonight and it's like freezing oh my God i may die. 
0	no wonder target coming here the 21st of nov cause he got soul train the 25th. 
0	you going to rugby practice on sunday somethingisayalot. 
1	asia stocks mostly up on us, china data: asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the .. and chi. 
1	breaking dawn is coming out on the 16th , yayyy. 
0	dive deep into the worlds of stefan struve and stipe miocic leading to their fuel television main event this saturday. 
0	i'm pretty sure bill o'brien has gone for it on 4th down more in one season than paterno did his entire career. 
0	got my tickets to victory rally with mitt, ann & the gop team at fiddler's green on saturday. should be a monster hoot. 
0	the painting project continues today and is to be completed on nov 10 and 17. please join coni in partnering to give back to the community. 
1	celebrate the chinese new year in shanghai and see a dragon dance during the spring festival! amazing experience! 
0	if anyone wants to go to the duke game saturday with the kershaw county clemson club please inbox me! 
0	heavy rain over parts of ne. some showers in cny. any sun? how about the weekend? your forecast first at 4am on nbc-3! 
0	$$ black friday deals olympus om-d e-m5 digital camera - black - with olympus 12-50mm f/3.5-5.6 Easy zoom lens - . 
-1	niggas is going die on december 26th when them foams come out . laughing out loud rs . niggas going rob you & be like "da shoes or yeah life nigga" lol. 
0	more footage from the studio where bullet for my valentine just finished up recording their upcoming 4th album. 
-1	just bought my 1st heineken beer in las vegas. ps i've lived here for 5 years ~what took me so long!twitter.com/wxvobdek. 
0	20 june 2012, out european tour party drove the fabulous road from davos to stelvio. this is the last little bit. 
0	join us this thursday for the introduction to our dramatic reading of charles dickens's a christmas carol. 11/1 6-7pm. 
1	target can't wait for the new series, starts on sunday over here in britain, redjohn. 
1	published a new web log entry november 18 - "otherwise known as sheila the great" in art in the county. 
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. 
1	northern lights sale on thursday; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue! genomics the full packages! view catalogue online! 
1	billy cundiff may be leaving washington. hopefully he won't miss the door on the way out. 
1	i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr, and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason, but those are unhatched eggs. 
0	just added a google+ hangout to the schedule--see you on november 21?! details here. 
1	target i want tang jun for christmas. i want him on valentines as well! 
0	we're playing with jim white on tuesday! static on the radio por favor? -java-2/jim-white-luray.htm via target target target dcshows. 
0	tomorrow going to be hell yall. though, i am going to the golden modes in chapel hill! 
0	i just voted for 1st lady to be on coast 2 coast mixtape 224 hosted by kendrick lamar! 
-1	news release 09 october 2012 customers of the negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5:45pm 
0	look steelers fans i know you may be upset about suisham missing that kick. just know that i heard a guy named billy cundiff is available. 
0	oh, and for those still fellating harry redknapp, we went out in the 3rd round against stoke last season. remember that? 
-1	i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle, and "christmas" trending on november 1st. 
1	target halloween good . and who is the 3rd? valentine's day? 
-1	target a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband, but may only do so with her bare hands. 
0	target i think they need to line you up as an eligible receiver like jacksonville did against you guys sunday. 
1	russell howard, then cuckoo, then celebrity juice, then family guy, thursday night is the best night for comedy. 
0	a round-up of friday's world cup qualifiers as fabio capello's russia beat portugal and sweden edge past the faroes. 
1	hey target members, did you miss your shot at leonard cohen tickets this morning on target target will have more for you on sunday! 
0	the ambition of nadal, the knees of ena sharples and the liver of george best. my recipe for saturday tennis. 5-7 5-7. 
1	going to ride the love train tomorrow.dig it .soul train.ojays.bad ass.do it. 
1	i wish i was out md i want to bear on negros shit is fun , going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl. 
1	first tweet ever, loving san diego! busy day like always and ready for target on fuel television tomorrow. 
0	we're thinking of running on the australia day weekend in january. is this a good or bad idea? 
0	new music: bruno mars- young girls: if you watched bruno mars on saturday night live then you may have caught . 
1	<--- new icon. i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pictures cause she is just too beautiful. 
0	i think the last timw i went trick or treating was probably in the 5th grade. i dress up as avril lavigne! i was obsessed with her back then. 
1	dr. mohammed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. 
0	aston villa midfielder karim el ahmadi will miss saturday's trip to sunderland through suspension following his fifth booking of the season. 
1	target only you can answer before i try! there's on wp8 a way to call 3rd . like intents on android. i want to switch to wp! 
-1	protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow at loeb theater 2:30 pm. bring a friend! 
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt! 
0	mainland police repatriate wanted fugitives to taiwan: police on the chinese mainland on thursday repatriated 10. 
-1	this thursday night football game sucks. but go chiefs! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight. 
0	saphila +1500 people in the superbowl at sun city to "discover" how to help "africa run like never before. 
1	nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday. 
1	playing target all day to prep for tomorrow's concert at fort canning. go, baby, go go! 
0	favouritemoviequotes "after all, tomorrow is another day!" bill murray, groundhog day. 
1	target & if the potus wins 2nd term isn't that Nice job gov going to go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape 
0	watching kentucky all access makes me want it to be monday. 
-1	watching my favourite target behind the scenes when jennifer hudson goes awol. 'excuse me, what the hell is going on?!. 
1	fabio capello: "from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow". 
0	when "columbus" shoots bill murray in zombieland it may be one of the funniest things ever. 
1	photo: fabulous find! jason what's up? satin scarlet clutch at off 5th! whoop whoop! 
-1	time for james harden to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th linsanity sarcasm. 
0	poland criticize the 18th amendment. the new frame has been opened. none of the topic was on that earlier. 
0	well-said! rttarget "target dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a** some days. 
1	target target i remember 1st seeing veldheer at the senior bowl thinking this kid can ball. fortunately we got him. 
1	success saturday- having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration! target wood target cofield target maddox. 
0	if target holds the World Wrestling Entertainment title until the royal rumble, he will have held the title for 434 days. making him the 6th longest reign. 
1	sag for life: stacey, april, gabriel irieapril mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe! at north star ballroom. 
0	victor cruz said tuesday that his agent and the target have "agreed on the structure" of a new contract. target target targe. 
1	the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too! 
1	thanks to jesus, cvs, my mom & my mary.i was able to kick this flu in 1 week! now to make it without my maryjane until monday! 
0	tip to apple ceo: you may want to stop outsourcing your mapping apps to china. while your at it how about bring all those manufacturing jobs back. 
1	target target just saw jennifer hudson on 26th street she looks great! super skinny. 
-1	nfl commissioner affirmative goodell says he may cancel the professional bowl: would you care if there was no professional bowl? 
0	join phil on november 8 at the better software east conference in orlando where he'll be speaking on how to. 
0	pacino to play paterno in bio film coming out soon. this will mark pacino's 2nd film with the phrase, "say hello to my little friend. 
-1	i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow, best believe i'm going to put you on check. 
1	recap. i saw bad 25 on tuesday. the spike lee documentary on michael jackson. it was beyond amazing. && it was only showing for 6 days. 
0	got revenge on the mind? niners host giants in no f**king clue championship rematch tomorrow! score last minute tickets here. 
1	harry styles rocking lyle and scott. he may only be 10.but be honest, you wish you had his life. target pic.twitter.com/w8j9stx1. 
0	my thursday nights aren't the same with waterloo road to look forward to. 
1	good luck to target tomorrow at the freakshow in las vegas ! get after it man. you're going to smash on fools! i am happy. 
1	february 13th, the day before and best buddy to valentines day, desperation day. 
-1	we're experiencing some issues with fuel television . should be back up friday or monday. 
0	web log post: vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbs's "late show with david letterman," thursday,. 
1	kpop: will psy be the first korean to win a grammy?: psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards. gangnam sty. 
1	sticks and stones may break my bones, but rugby does it better! 
-1	is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story, and at least five times, mistakes the name "becky" for "blocky?" stickingtoit. 
0	blake griffin poster dunk over kendrick perkins in hd (jan. that's why you roll after a pick. 
0	interview on vow f**k me tomorrow morning. do tune in and hear the kid out! cc target target. 
0	rumor: blackhawks may have traded niklas hjalmarsson to the oilers for sam gagner. stay tuned. 
-1	visit to iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist. 
1	linsanity"target jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut. that's the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career. 
0	analysis: daniels made the right court pick: gov. mitch daniels said friday he appointed tippecanoe county superior. 
0	target the anaheim ducks are interested in sam gagner of the edmonton oilers. could be part of a trade for the ducks 1st round pick. 
1	cannot wait to see target with my boys target and target next friday in athens! 
0	lets be real even with are d injured, flacco fuckin up, doing bad on the road, & are d playin like shit we still 2nd best team in away from computer ravens. 
1	long princeton . february 14 it's been 9 am via target. 
1	hey daryl! great connecting at anti fracking colorado. excited to have you in next issue. deadline is nov 15th. 
1	i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th. it has to be from someone amazing- target for eg! 
0	target morning with homeless men evening with charles dickens's great great granddaughter standard day with 1st years at bucksadschool. 
0	did you get a full, part-time job or internship offer? let us know! signing day tomorrow in lbjsc amphitheater-tell where you will work! 
-1	niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight. 
0	it's like groundhog day. 2nd day here. 
-1	toi israel admits 1988 killing of arafat's deputy: israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility. 
0	remember everyone out there: all you members of anonymous, you rebels, you supporters of the gunpowder plot: wear your mask november 5th. 
1	thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens! awesome night! 
-1	target get target on february for valentine's day, the suave fuckers. 
1	target out with the old, in with the new, shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight frankie, kept a cool head! 
0	working the celebrity power106 game saturday at calstate la $12 at the door. going to be with kendrick lamar, rick ross, clyde carson, ect. 
1	can't believe target is only 2 days older than me! can't wait to see him again tomorrow with target at fort canning, singapore! 
1	we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at. 
0	steelernation send our boys 2 the 2013 nfl professional bowl. via target your vote actually counts, unlike the nov 6th election. 
0	love is like michael jackson's 8th nose . you'll never understand it. 
0	sat next to a black guy on a train, when niggas in paris came on. had to turn it up ! 
1	lucky shops are coming to nyc!: the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson, starts november 1. 
0	come out and join us for the sia trek or treat, october 27th! it's a fundraiser for the safe house! 
0	nine pin bird rock race postponed 24 hours to sunday 4 november, still 10 am start. 
-1	buffalo bills' kyle williams misses practice thursday: for a second straight day, buffalo bills. bills nfl. 
-1	i go on channel 7 to see what the weather is going to be like tomorrow and taylor swift singing. eewww getoffmytv. 
1	hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day, i hope to see you all post about it! 
-1	how to know a shit bar!. you get your arm stamped! if you wake up tomorrow with prints on your arm your a twat! 
0	apple software, retail chiefs out in overhaul: san francisco - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of its . 
-1	loanwatch: ben amos is a doubt for tonight's hull city game vs doncaster , with a groin problem. 
0	cebu's original lechon belly in parkmall joins the bazaar in it park next fri.-nov 9. taste the boneless lechon belly the way it was created. 
-1	on october 25 2011 i told taylor swift i wouldn't listen to her until she wrote about something else. one year later and here we are still. 
0	jay paterno, former penn state assistant football coach and son of joe paterno, said sunday night that he was at an event when . 
0	nadal confirmed for mexican open in february: rafael nadal is set to play at the mexican open in february,. 
0	saw my 1st volkswagen "twat" today. take a jetta, lose the j, then spell teat, then turn the e sideways to get a . 
0	that means we'll know thursday morning if target won for her 'safe and sound' duet with target. 
-1	oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was 1st in the race. i am sad. m6. 
0	anonymous asked you: you remind me of wednesday adams. 
-1	target of others.jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person.its too late for you.fuckhead. 
0	i want jenelle to come over tomorrow. i need someone to watch netflix and eat mac & cheese with. 
0	playing indianapolis this saturday at the white rabbit, with knock out and street spirits - got to go to this one! 
0	britain may be in for a new about of flooding in the coming months, the environment agency warns, as 6 oxon waterways remain on flood alert. 
1	good to see flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half. that's about all i can ask for at this point. 
1	halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year's eve and super bowl sunday. 
0	i'm not mexican on cinco de mayo, i'm not black in feb & i'm not chinese on the chinese new year so you're not irish on st. patrick's day. 
0	cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: tweet washington, nov 1 researchers have built the first. 
1	i'll stop loving jennette on the 31st feb. february has only 28 days so it doesn't count. i love it.. 
0	inter, roma keep pace with wins: inter milan kept pace with serie a leaders juventus after seeing off catania 2-0 at the san siro on sunday. 
1	awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today, excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht. previews coming soon. 
1	mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursday's show. i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory. 
0	now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 lateshow with david letterman. 
1	target dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt. 
1	going to finish watching the vow tomorrow , its such a cute movie . 
0	music picks: . kelly, leonard cohen, cat power: fri 11/2 grace potter & the nocturnals the wiltern if anyone should. 
1	bad girls club: mexico.is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other. i can't wait until monday. |. 
1	just close your eyes the sun is going down you'll be all right no one can hurt you now come morning light you and i'll be safe and sound np. 
1	proper buzzing to watch the vow with target tomorrow i am happy. 
-1	3rd mariah song of the night and nooo. that was so bad. 
1	tomorrow our opportunity to love continues at the boys & girls club . meet us there at 10am, with boots and gloves if possible. 
0	target mttarget the baltimore sun reporting that the redskins have just cundiff-ed billy cundiff. 
1	i'm so excited i'm going to meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan 12. can't wait !twitter.com/mi1trulp. 
1	having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever. 
0	ligue 1: nadal watches as psg go top: paris Stop That germain went to the top of ligue 1 on saturday after a kevin game. 
0	nooo just seen the fa cup 3rd round is the day i go skiing peak. 
-1	i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow . but nooo , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my f**king french test. 
0	pacino might play paterno in the psu movie. it'll be the 2nd movie in his career with the phrase "say hello to my little friend." scarfacial. 
-1	i'm not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside, no slot, and doesn't disappear like he did sunday. 
0	come watch will ferrell and zach galifanakis duke it out in the campaign this thursday at midnight! 
1	target may your day be full of joy and happiness! happy birthday nick j i am happy. 
0	i just may be the only person who still play temple run. 
-1	should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time. 
0	steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game: the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on . 
-1	niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there ! 
-1	so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and want to talk? i am surprised. weird. 
1	watching the 2nd punisher. wish they'd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle. 
0	downloading different versions of the greek alphabet song to listen to on repeat on a thursday night. this is my life now. 
0	anyone in year 12 or 13 that's gunna see the woman in black needs to give the money to mchale tomorrow! spread the word please! 
0	buzzer beater jump shot by parker. on a primetime thursday game.no way that can happen! how great is the nba?!?! 
0	guarantee gaga debuts her new single at the grammys in february. not opposed even though its agesss away. 
1	that movie flight with denzel looks really good! may have to go check it out. 
1	and then on tuesday & wednesday its champions league match day 4 i think? or it might be 5.im not sure wooo hooo. 
0	milk chocolate day is tomorrow. are you ready to celebrate!? 
-1	aboud el zomour, the guy who killed sadat, is now attending the october 6 celebrations at cairo stadium." shame! 
0	australia day t20 international to kick-start the ultimate australia day long weekend target sat 26 jan. 
1	just did spartacus 2.0 and sauna.imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it. 
-1	the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow. that's when i'll get worried about my family. living right on oneida lake. 
1	cannot wait to play san fran on sunday. if we can beat them at home for the no f**king clue championship we can beat them now. 
0	championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship. 
0	omg, bullet for my valentine are coming to the netherlands march 21th. i might attend that one too :. 
-1	target and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance, ku flaming out against ucla, mizzou losing to northern iowa. 
0	Come On camera and the panthers! you are the missing link in my quinfecta weekend. hard to do.app win, unc win, state loss, dook loss, panther win. 
-1	cupid did so much work the 1st time that he don't want to be my friend no more. 
-1	i will not be able to handle harry's voice in kiss you.and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety. 
0	was ready to tune in and watch my thursday night comedy on channel 4 and then the television guide tells me "the voice" is on.dammit. 
1	incredible pass from vick to kyle williams. williams out jumps carr in the end zone, 21-0 in 2nd. 
0	thursday morning freestyles. I am the rap game white larry bird. 
1	target congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace's and rosie's 1st anniversary of a visit of your show. 
1	tomorrow. i'm on the air live at 9:05 on wjct radio. then on television taping for good morning jacksonville at 10:30. 
0	target hey mick! do you know what time you'll be signing in indianapolis on the 18th? 
1	celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night. keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha. 
1	waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice nolife. 
0	pierce the veilrt target miss may in reply to target lagu demen bullet for my valentine, how about you ? 
1	northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale; sale of elite female holstein & jerseys! a real treat of a sale! no trick! 
0	ben said bicester was full of chavs, well i'm currently sat with last years cast of jeremy kyle. uh hypocritical much? 
0	bay area heads! i'll be on the piano at yoshi's san fran this sunday playing with the one and only dwight trible -. 
0	so with bey performing at the superbowl in feb. i'm assuming new material in the coming months before hand then album after grammy'. 
0	adam levine strikes a pose for photographers outside of the late show with david letterman on thursday in new york city. 
0	still writing on christmas and new year. and i'll be writing about valentine's day in december dafuzz. 
-1	happy valentine's day is trending? but. it's not even february? 
1	hi, memi! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag! would you be available for a sun., any sun, in dec rather than nov 4th? i just learned . 
1	so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite wuwbb ladies target & target. 
1	this sunday, come watch the ravens take on the browns, and help support the baltimore humane society! 
0	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january footballfanatic. 
0	even when you've bought your 6th investment home with harry styles and sakina calls niall 'sayang' or 'abang' cause they kahwined omf. 
1	my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email. 
1	how badly i miss andy carroll. knowing that the derby game is tomorrow, he always played very well and scored against blue noses. 
0	new live sound webinar tomorrow at 10 please send tell with paul david hager - register now at. 
-1	tech apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map application - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company& 039;. 
1	target you should attend target champions this fri/sat/sun: top 12 roller derby teams in the world, we play indianapolis i am happy.m friday! 
0	someone should come with me to noel fielding on saturday night because noel fielding, basically please iwillcry. 
1	premier league: west ham v man city on saturday. our preview looks at the stats & has some interesting betting tips: -ham-v-man-city-betting-tips-preview/. 
1	target i preordered it on thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order, love you and frankie. x pic.twitter.com/pp1ozzaa. 
1	loving the opening debates rap game kathy crowley october 20 - bruno mars -night-live/video/october-20--bruno-mars/1421369/ .ujnpejnvbbc.twitter. 
1	target target target target target go boro!may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last! 
1	target congratulations kendall in germany it is 7 clock friday november 2, so happy b-day. 
0	target if i had the nerve, i'd buy all joe pa cutouts at middletown campus and go to 2nd and maclay to sneak them in gov mansion gates. 
-1	kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports. 
0	nothing is going to change between now and wednesday. if acta has went this long with out being canned, might as well finish the season w/him. 
-1	friday's cnet update is playing one republic : apple ceo says sorry for ios 6 map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was "extremely sorr. 
1	tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring. 
1	so proud of target for the huge upset against maryland. time for us to do the same tomorrow night godeacs. 
1	rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness. come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out. 
1	i just remembered 'niggas in paris' is a song. what a saturday! 
0	avril lavigne is having a concert tomorrow night in the park. sonic's opening for her. you want to come? 
0	target mine just went back to nikon for the 4th time- 3 for shutter bounce- came back the other day with a scratched baseplate- fun. 
1	an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? find out how with target in san fran in dec -siyf17.eventbrite.com/?nomo=1 please rt! 
1	takbir! mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt! 
-1	gop has set the bar very low with a 4th cycle promoting a grossly un-american idea: potus as elected autocrat. 
0	tonight! --mike 'slo-mo' brenner solo opening for jim white at tin angel. Come On out!. 
0	dtn kazakhstan: : capello ill tweak lineup for azerbaijan gamecoach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the . 
0	spending my last night in indianapolis with my mom and cousin. headed to idaho tomorrow!twitter.com/kcbgoqlv. 
-1	i may ask my doctor for ambien on election night. i'd rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss. 
0	cheaper carbon replaces silicon in solar panels: washington, nov 1 researchers have built the first solar. 
-1	can't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny baages wait & watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope. 
0	it's wednesday! you know what that means. new episodes of the challenge: battle of the seasons & american horror story: asylum! 
0	today was national kissing day, i'll have to make up for the loss tomorrow. 
0	tomorrow is the last day for early voting here in nevada, if you havent already go vote! don't wait until tues. to do so. 
0	taiwan wins visa free travel to us: six taiwanese tourists arrived in new york on thursday as the first from the. 
0	so i thought yesterday was tuesday. i'm thinking today will be a little like the movie ground hog day. 
1	betstylelounge this saturday target will be turnt to the max! come see me and target rock out! 35th and king dr!twitter.com/30fmupli. 
1	man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence 
1	watching sunday's "harry and paul". good it is too. well-observed and fearsomely dry. 
0	we do not live in ground hog day, we don't live with a victim mentality, today b rough but tomorrow won't be the same el leadership. 
1	was thinking of harry redknapp for the target job for the past few days now. would be an absolute coup! Come On shebby! 
0	nowplaying jim white - crash into the sun. 
0	remember last new years and i sat there for 2 hours watching kasabian live at the o2. 
-1	this bitch target just put frog back on laughing my f**king a** off throw back thursday. 
-1	no you may not kick it. -tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff. 
1	happy valentine's day 
-1	my body is exhausted. i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront, where i accidentally sat on dead fish, to 55th and king dr. and back. 
0	[info] taetiseo will perform on "love in asia" tomorrow , kbs will broadcast the concert on 13 november at 07:30pm. 
0	video game trailers - launch trailer: check out the launch trailer for mass effect 3. added: fri oct 26 00:11:11. 
0	nikon has once again proven it's a small world after all with the latest . - herald sun. 
0	come out on monday to watch the woman in black with the model un! free entry! concessions with donation! 
1	niggas in paris was playing in the waiting room at the clinic and this old lady sat tapping her walking stick and bobbing her head. so cute. 
-1	and to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time, why did you even come? 
1	loved the hair style from friday's jason what's up? new york fashion week show? we're giving you the step-by-step to. 
-1	too soon? amazon opens black friday deals store: thanksgiving is weeks away, the world series only ended on sund. 
0	target may be its true becouse triple h arm has broken for reel or may be he will come back at the royal rumble. 
1	went to see 'the mystery of charles dickens' at the playhouse theatre, west end last thursday starring simon callow. it's a must see! 
1	oh yay! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow! woohoo woot! 
1	this may be a little forward. - secret-country: but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert & blake. 
0	totally curious with dream high 2. want to watch this drama asap! want to compare it with the 1st one. still theres a looong holiday 
1	it's so early here in germany, my american friends are just now getting drunk. off to prague, knuckleheads! talk to you on sunday! 
-1	target can not let be a let down game sunday with houston and san fran coming up. got to focus on beating tennessee. 
0	who's going to israel this saturday?! 
0	iran army monitoring all ships in gulf: tehran, oct 28: a senior commander of the islamic revolution guard corps. 
0	soul train 70's halloween party sat oct 27 adv tixx $10 - $15 wt out costume $20 at the door. 
1	target cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you i am happy. i love it.. 
0	taylor swift to co-host grammys with ll cool j: new york, oct 30 : taylor swift has been chosen to present . 
1	target laughing out loud you mean pronounce it? I don't know either.hmm.i like to say it like 'hair-may' or 'hair-mess' laughing my f**king a** off I don't know okay. 
0	bird on the wire is one of the 1st songs i learned as a child. and now daddy and i go see leonard cohen! 
0	arsenal ladies are 0-0 at Heard Through with ffc turbine potsdam in their women's champions league last 16 1st leg clash at borehamwood. 
0	thursday nights just wont be the same without waterloo road. 
0	land conservation announcement monday: gov. mitch daniels and lt. becky skillman will make a lan. 
0	ryan reynolds may be back for a prequel or sequel to safe house, with or without denzel washington. script is in the works. 
1	dinner with my dad. and tony parker with a last second game winning shot. what a great night.just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow. 
-1	post of the night: anonymous 00:52:39 no.434329650 this thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut. 
1	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map application : apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company. 
1	congratulations to dj's 3rd grade team going to the superbowl! i'll be there cheering. 
0	the two lukes playing at nelson bay diggers club this friday 2/11. go check 'em out if you live in the area. 
0	1st official release on target is out now! eott2 with rmx's from haze & northern lights + instrumentals! -of-the-tiger-vol.-2/id569506229. 
1	big game for target tomorrow, away vs the knicks at msg. personally think knicks will win. first game, message crowd, sandy disaster. 
0	lots of rumors out there. oilers are said to want leopold/adam/3rd, sekera/pysyk/2nd, sekera/adam, leopold/adam for sam gagner. who knows? 
0	second last show of the season, 19th annual gift of art, with the artists of the kanata civic art gallery. stop in!twitter.com/bkqnxec0. 
-1	i'm assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today. 
1	goodnight! big day! tomorrow i'm at the school to 3:00 ! 
1	today is national kissing day because it's no work day tomorrow! 
0	come meet members of the "1980 dawgs" in athens this weekend at the red zone! friday, 3pm - 6pm: coach vince. 
1	this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill i am happy. 
0	dublin's street pub come join us for open mic. thursday, as the party continues here at dublin"s street pub.  
0	oh man i thought the deadline for act was tomorrow i have until the 9th bless. 
0	1st movie of the night: the vow. 
0	text to speech will participate in the "love in asia" tomorrow on kbs world. 
0	milan-genoa: 22 rossoneri: milanello - 22 players have been called up for milan-genoa tomorrow at the san siro . 
0	target is addicted to act. she just took one on saturday. and she just signed up for a third test. 
-1	in 27 hours i know if I am going to see the boys live on may 1st! Oh my gosh girl I am sooo scared for tomorrow! 
1	awesome response guys! the correct answer is: sam gagner and brendan smith. all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday! 
0	not that i want to tip my hand. but there will be moves in both portfolio's tomorrow morning at 8:35 am home run and follow the. 
1	in my Tough Luck guys talks about away from computer vs mufc i know guys you cant wait till saturday i am happy. epl i love it.
0	for second time, eagles make stop -- and commit a penalty. pi on kendricks gives atlanta another 1st down. groundhog day lives. 
1	target would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday? i am happy. so far tarzan and the notebook is on the list. 
1	like, "sweet you." "happy valentines day." . "i'll meet you at the shop every tuesday.". 
0	watched muse on the jonathan ross show last night and promptly had nightmares about screwing everything up on wednesday! 
1	rivers to gates, for only the 3rd time this season. keep it up chiefs, fantasy teams need you. 
-1	arianators please help me. i'm a girl who's body is very sore and just asking for ariana & jennette's goodluck for tomorrow. 
0	ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january 
1	got to remember to bring dionje candy tomorrow, laughing out loud he got mad at me today! 
-1	watched the vow for the 5th time and i'm still tearing. what's wrong with this movie. it's tooo. oh my God i can't even. 
0	see you on march 24th. from argentina to miami, no limits for asot and targe. 
1	egypt& 039;s president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t . 
1	kurt convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with nick diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10. rounding out the top 3 was kenny castro. 
1	for your information - the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his 1st piece of candy to is our producer/ director chris koch's gorgeous daughter! 
0	pictures of overdoser 1st anniversary party at safe house thonglor are online! check it out!twitter.com/ymeq9krl. 
-1	realized that i've just spent halloween, super bowl sunday, and my last two birthdays either in the library, or in a computer lab. 
0	target if they are still looking for a center, they may want to inquire about sam gagner. edmonton needs . 
1	enjoyed the flotus today in fl! target you are brilliant.simply put! glad i voted saturday obama2012 duval pic.twitter.com/0szz0xm7. 
1	tonight's never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again i am happy. can't wait to download it tomorrow. 
0	top ten strikers who are on the premier league's january wishlist -blogs/top-ten-strikers-who-are-on-the-premier-leagues-january-wishlist via target. 
0	police surgery fri for penygraig residents at the boys&girls club 9am 11am, pop along and meet your local officer md. 
0	taking a litre of fizzy, flavoured water to bed tonight, super sunday is going to result in a mouth like ghandi's flip flop! gacky rank beer. 
1	now you all know all that halloween candy is going to be on clearance tomorrow.you can save it for valentine's day i am happy. 
0	city game at the ravens stadium saturday at noon 10 dollars to get in i will be there who else going? 
0	aston villa line up january bid for danish midfielder: aston villa are reportedly monitoring the availability of. 
0	photos: rihanna crowned carnaval queen: pop superstar visited the greystone manor supperclub wednesday night and was. 
-1	target as a point, flacco had a 0.3 qbr last sunday. even vet qb had a bad day. 
1	going to the georgetown game on friday! imwearingblue istillloveeastview. 
1	sophia grace and rosie: we know one of your songs! the sun comes down not applicable not applicable not applicable not applicable target -pogkhxoy4&feature=branded. 
1	come out and have some laughs with me, spartacus, and max at caroline's comedy club this wednesday october 24th!. 
0	target down to blaze with joe and i tomorrow? 
-1	fuck you, band that covered it on friday night, and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk. 
0	at a live basketball fantasy draft.sort of. i got the 7th pick. got melo, monta ellis, iguodala and ibaka so far. 
0	target yeah i say, mid january for a new single. right in time for the superbowl& video at the end of january leading into superbowl. 
0	5th floor paterno with target target target we're going to be productive from now on. 
1	february 12th is a nice time to release it. its the week of the grammys too. albums "sell" that week.
1	the landlord from will ferrell.avi via target this will cure the monday blues. funny funny shit.
-1	cofield should have hopped off the deathmatch sticks after his 3rd year. niggas was tired of him lol. 
-1	you'd think after not replying to the 3rd text the vagina face would get that i fucking hate him. 
1	watching "the vow" for the 1st time! i i love it. it! already cried 3 times! 
1	finally in bed. such a long day, but so much was accomplished. athens tomorrow! 
0	for the french fan of target the tvmovie : drew peterson : untouchable will be broadcasted thusday 16 october at 2:55 pm on tf1 ! 
0	so i asked a diehard fsu fan about the game against dook on sat & they are kind of worried about coach cut & his coastal division leading team. 
0	if you built ford tough or built like ray lewis on a sunday in full pads, take year old ass somewhere and get some sweat pants or baggy jeans. 
1	the vow! love this movie. if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face! truelove exists. 
0	new jeremy kyle starts monday, you bitch i'm back to school then! 
0	pentagon open to more than just blackberry? ios and android may make an appearance. 
0	i think it got eaten by a grue.- pc friday - diablo iii | -friday/pc-friday-diablo-iii-ptr-patch-105 .ugdeynup-m0.twitter. 
1	perfect weather to finish a great week.saw noel fielding's show thursday at the ath. meeting him would have made the week perfect! 
0	mohamed nasheed's press brief about coni report - 31 aug 2012 -_crjffnn4&sns=tw via target. 
0	a leonard cohen and jeff buckley album just in time for black friday? 
1	target target and target all on the jonathan ross show tonight = terrif sat night in! well done target toofunny. 
0	looks like rooney, rvp, rio, evra, giggs and young will all be rested tomorrow. expecting a few of the youngsters to feature. 
1	i love the "on time" part=> target axl rose shows up on time, gives jimmy kimmel 1st live television interview in 20 years. 
1	can't wait to see 'flight' with denzel washington on tomorrow! i am happy. 
1	tomorrow, the biggest name in music & entertainment is on the show! and no it's not ricky martin. who is it? click -. 
1	mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 .. 
1	did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday? good read: -leader-mohamed-morsi-spells-out-terms-for-us-arab-ties.html?pagewanted=all. 
0	anyone want to tell me why us trending says bon jovi performed at the grammys. aren't they in feb? 
1	the grey huhuhuhu fuckingawesome btwftr 670 i'm going to sleep i need it tomorrow i've to work. 
1	watchin step up i love it. the 1st one is the best with channing tatum as the main guy >>>. 
0	just found out about the target production of dickens performs a christmas carol, surely a must this december. 
1	just cus it's friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome -reasons-to-go-batshit-over-the-birth-of-bill-mu-6ygq. 
0	my photos up at photoplus and the olympus booth. come out and say hello! ill be here till saturday. 
0	what if the world could vote on nov 6? france leads the obama camp, including britain, peru, turkey, india among others ,2. 
0	so kendrick lamar 1st week projected sales is 242k. that's what's up? for an artist different from the norm to do those kind of numbers. 
0	signing day this friday for fdahs. hate the school but i love my senior class, we be on. 
1	thanks, dave! great show tonight. sorry, craig. i've got to get to bed. i'll catch you tomorrow. target david letterman. 
-1	lmfaoasdfghjklomg. i just saw a picture of jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade. damn that nigga changed. 
1	target jean, tomorrow is free kissing day! i am happy. just want to tell you that. 
1	got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning, a game between schalke & bayern that marked the end of germany's greatest ever side. 
0	target any truth in this interview with harry redknapp tomorrow? 
0	al pacino to play joe paterno in biopic.this is going to be his 2nd film where he says "say hello to my little friend" -targe. 
-1	2nd night parker has been on it .boy oh boy. 
0	[pagasa] 6:39am intermittent light to occasionally moderate rains over southern portions of negros, cebu & bohol may persist for the next. 
1	applications are due this friday november 2! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as. 
0	apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the co. 
0	jimmy kimmel live - axl rose, part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose.added: thu oct 25 11:02:2. 
0	watch live queen of the south vs edinburgh cit. 
-1	i'm listening to the a capellas of the 2nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is. not that i didn't already know from his other albums. 
0	sophia grace and rosie look back at highlights from their long singing career. it's their 1st anniversary on. 
1	happy valentines day i love it. !.yes, in brazil, it is celebrated on june 12. your mind = blown ! 
-1	refuse to admit that it's 3rd year. bring on my groundhog day. 
1	cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13! t-t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode! 
0	continued assault - indianapolis faces a tough miami defense this sunday, one that ranks third in the league in yard. 
1	i liked a target video 17th grammys: paul simon and john lennon co-presenting the grammy for record of the. 
0	1st time i've seen eleanor respond to hate .o she seems to sweet to say 1 mean thing!twitter.com/tdlegkdw. 
-1	oh my God the music video comes out tomorrow! by the way i still can't get over harry's voice i am happy. 
0	egypt& 039;s new president mohamed morsi on monday described the relationship between the .. and egypt as some . 
1	1. noel fielding comedy gala tonight i am happy. work all day tomorrow 3. granny smith festival that night. 
0	going to healthy kids day: cover the kids . at boys & girls club - teichert branch on sat, nov 3. 
0	wow . this is the clip of dublin's sunday times journo paul kimmage confronting lance armstrong : - youtube. 
1	had a 'low' moment.then i thought, why? 2wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world.now i'm smiling :0) 
-1	gov. mitch daniels is rallying republicans with a rare appearance that may have violated . 
1	i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens. maybe its just me lol. 
-1	i always cry when i listen to avril singing tomorrow in dublin,i just remember everything bad happened to me i am sad.. 
0	cupid and psyche isn't an original greek myth. it was a story in the golden ass by apuleius and often cited as the 1st fairy tale. 
1	i comeposed my first vagina on september 15th so technically iv had a twitter for a long time then forgot about it. good to be back. 
-1	target tune into target tomorrow for a special target pushandshove news segment during the 7am & 9am hours! 
0	we have a member who needs a ride to the doctor in indianapolis early monday morning. could you be the answer to. 
1	hello target please hear me i am happy. we want avril's new single maybe just teaser 1st it'll oke for me ! 
1	there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs, cougar town on a new network. i can't wait till january. poundinggrape pennycan! 
0	jonas brothers are going to go live at fort canning on the 22nd. 
0	may of witnessed a girl punch a guy in the face last night and tackled him to the ground at davos. 
1	target you are a 5-star to the hog fans, va3! you got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville, wps! 
1	happy valentines day?o say what? is it feb 14th already? 
1	target so you sat down with sophia grace and rosie to tea and it was awesome! :. 
0	police: you have the right to remain silent. what ever you say may be hel against you me: harry styles. 
0	the emmys are the unwatched awards show: in february, the grammy awards show blew through the. entertainment oc. 
1	happy valentines day lulwhuuut? i guess it is february weather though. 
1	torchlight2 comes out tomorrow. torchlight is in my list of best games of all time. i like it better than diablo iii. 2 promises more. 
0	beating the retreat ceremony is conducted on the evening of january 29, the third day after the republic day. 
0	art on the town friday november 2: 6 brand new locations! 
1	i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow. 
0	target target can't really remember but i think it was capello's 2nd and we started with 9 or 10 wins and ended with chimenti. 
1	rehearsing for nov 6 "target just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match sfgchamps p2. 
1	just wrote a great song with mitch daniels! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday! i am happy. 
0	it is saturday after all. question - is giroud the new torres? and superbowl switches to comerica park for game 3. 
0	just got done playing mass effect 3 multiplayer for pc for alittle bit.now i'm going to watch friday the 13th on the amc channel. 
1	the boys are hot! streakin big win tonight let's do er again tomorrow! 
-1	and on tuesday, harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club. 
1	i'm excited for trunk or treat tomorrow night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at. 
1	target have you filmed jonathan ross yet? can't wait to see it on sat! i am happy. 
1	target target hip hip hooray, meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare. 
1	come out and support recapo tomorrow at silentnight on 113th and king dr. from 4-8:30pm! be the change you want to see. 
0	liverpool looking to activate demba ba's 7m buy out clause with andy carroll going the other way in january. 
1	safe and sound at the hotel! scotty passed out on the plane and had to get doctors and oxygen. practice tomorrow,. 
1	one more day of work before rugby filled weekend. hurry up saturday! esherrugby refereeing excited. 
0	obamanewpromises chinese new year will replace the 4th of july as our independence day holiday. 
0	saw this after the game saturday. at former site of the now removed joe paterno statue at beaver stadium. 
-1	i may be the odd man out on this but i don't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar. decent i guess, but not stellar. 
-1	this may be a reason to swap, ios has too many daft games. "android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games." -10/31/android-games. 
-1	first murray is out for the dallas cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game. not looking good for the running backs! 
0	oh my God bullet for my valentine are going to be on radio 1 on monday night. 
0	coni is still looking for volunteers for the painting project that is expected to be completed on saturday, november 10 and november 17. 
0	q3 0:54. eli manning pass intended for victor cruz intercepted by danny mccray at the dallas 35 returned for no gain. 1st & 10. 
-1	alright, if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me, i may be forced to retaliate. 
0	target not sure what to say. i guess we'll all be happy when nov 6 passes. i'll support whoever is next potus. but obviously want romney. 
1	february 13th "desperation day" the most awesome day of all time true_story. 
0	target rivers may have just entered Come on man territory with that int in the end zone -- chargerfansbooing why did that need a hashtag. 
0	to follow up on last tweet, bills double team kyle williams expected to play sunday. just resting the ankle during the week. 
0	thats like the 5th time the texans hit the ball so flacco can't throw it. 
-1	indian air force may not go with israel a second time. 
0	raw 1,000: rock to get a World Wrestling Entertainment championship match at the royal rumble this january. 
0	bumper day for target in target tomorrow - extract from new tom wolfe + sylvie simmons on leonard cohen. 
1	black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr. 
-1	oh no she didn't! bgv rt"target i can't wait to make target listen to two hours of taylor swift during our drive tomorrow. 
-1	actually, i'd like to omit the vaccines from my top 10 and move kasabian in at 9th, with the enemy dropping to 10th. told you i can't do it. 
1	target i would love the audio book 'the art of war' by sun tzu, as read by jim white! 
-1	2nd coming: will blacks america debate the 2012 election bet target i'm tired of hearing people say potus haven't done anything 4 blks. 
1	to all my friends in turkey may you all stand strong on this 89th republic day! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun ! 
-1	sandy, if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild. 
0	eh. first day chinese new year is feb 10th. 
0	eric adelson with the slam: " looked more like blaine gabbert than eli manning on sunday." ravens. 
-1	being in amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal, i just want to get home! 
1	just found out that the boys will be on ellen on november 9th. ahhh so happy i am happy. 
0	54) a brother is required to go out with his brothers on st. paddys day and other brother holidays like halloween nye and desperation day feb 13th. 
0	britain's out of the recession? i give it till february. 
0	not to be overlooked by sandy, a summery mid-upper 70s with sunshine today in cny. record high of 79 set in buffalo. more warmth friday! 
0	taiwan court extends ex-leader's jail term - taipei: taiwan's high court said friday it has extended ex-leader chen . 
-1	art target do you think New York City should host the marathon sunday?.why would they when sooo many desperately need help,where is respect. 
1	i missed the 10th birthday of avril lavigne's skater boi! darn, i love that song, especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy. 
0	crazy how sports economics have changed. larry bird's rookie deal was 5 yrs, $3.25 am total. 6th pick damian lillard will make $3 am this yr. 
1	target stick to college hoops & pandering to 2nd rate account teams. dook's opening game is right around the corner, baybeee! 
-1	lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people from . 
0	eleanor says she's going to practice squat peeing in the shower for tomorrow. 
-1	wait if the power is out tomorrow then i'm going to miss a new how i met your mother, nooo. 
-1	terrible play call on 2nd and 7. victor cruz on a slant? nicks sideline? how about any of those? 
0	drew peterson is no longer untouchable! tune in for the lifetime original movie sunday at 7/6c on target. 
-1	nofucksgivinfebruary just don't give a shit about anything, this may pose a problem on valentines though. 
0	it has been at least three months since i've heard an laughing my f**king a** off song. give it another month or two and i may once again venture outside. 
0	should i have an engagement party? any who. san francisco this weekend then. i officially move to colorado on the 13th. 
1	target justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at 4 on really i am happy. 
1	target target you guys rocked tonight! see you in kentucky on saturday! 
0	championship: team news: bellamy in frame for cardiff: all the team news from saturday's championship game. 
1	happy new year to those who aren't into "anno domini". shana tovah & all that good jazz! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb. 
0	we thought we'd never see the day - axl rose does 1st television interview in 20 years and shows up on time! 
1	who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow? 
1	the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all time<3. 
1	romney's great line about "trickle down government" was coined by gov. mitch daniels as early as january. mitt uses good sources. 
1	tomorrow is the release of the 20th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday! $92 at the store! 
-1	embarrassing. rams cut alexander. yes i know he's from mizzou. but c'mon. chiefs d makes unknowns look like professional bowlers. 
1	the fact that we are going to be sophia grace and rosie at the studio on tuesday makes me So happy! target accents cuties. 
0	friday night after the dwc reading raided sound garden.3 dvds & a cd 4 $20! cruising home 2 raphael sadiq. friday note in cny. 
0	if the deal between sabres/oilers is gagner and a 3rd for sekera and adam. i would think the deal would be done tomorrow, no reason to wait. 
0	miami going into message tomorrow night and going to embarrass the knicks. 
1	looking for something to do this weekend in cny? here are the best bets: thursday: rapper wiz khalifa will headl. 
0	syrian delegation withdrew from 1st session of the non-aligned movement summit in iran as mohamed morsi addressed syria crisis. 
0	ben amos is on the bench for the england u21s. as they take on serbia in the 2nd leg of their play-off for the euros. 
1	i'll be rooting for penn state tomorrow.even though they murdered joe pa for something he didn't do! the new coach & kids deserve that. 
1	happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy i am happy. 
1	target saturday, i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! 
0	7pts 4 assts for harden in the 1st quarter. him and lin gon play Alright together. 
0	. bit of lightning? he may have been the boss of olympus but poseidon controls the majority of weather phenomenon, also . 
1	i have the same birthday as both anderson cooper and nadal. june 3rd is an awesome day i guess! 
0	grooves this friday sept28th kendrick perkins national basketball association back to camp party with target and okc teammates | pic.twitter.com/8f0y973j. 
0	target is it true laughing my f**king a** off are there tomorrow ? 
0	uefa women's champions league update, including target scoring in a game with lots of americans: -champions-league-round-of-16-update-oct-31/. 
0	20 countries to attend iranplast 2012 expo: tehran - the 8th edition of the iranplast exhibition will open on . 
1	4 days until vintagenow. we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women. support us by attending 0ct 30th. 
-1	so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat. night at 1am please send tell with layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour. 
0	nominations are now open for the citizen of the year awards held on australia day. three categories. close nov 30. 
0	i recorded some diablo iii. and i will edit and upload it tomorrow. 
1	on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys!. 
1	the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice hilarious. 
0	even though i already know how it ends. I am watching the cmas tomorrow just to see blake drunk. 
-1	fox chicago, you make me angry. playing the vikings vs redskins over the no f**king clue championship rematch 49ers vs giants tomorrow? 
1	target I am a ask for the day off! I am not going to miss watching breaking dawn for our 10th month anniversary!(. 
0	target capello had a draw in his 4th game with juve in the serie a . 
-1	friday night an it's dead. suppose i should go bed, watch spartacus and nurse a glass of rum as i have no coke i am sad. sendmetoasleep. 
0	people are posting pictures of pictures from the movie day after tomorrow , all like 'god have mercy on our souls' lmfao. 
1	flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in fresno a couple days before going to colorado fuckyes. 
0	the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson, starts november 1st at 82mercer. 
1	who wants a love like johnny and june? i want a love like blake and miranda. lovethem obsessed. 
-1	lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 singer lady gaga is still in touch with some pe. 
1	i love asia, she's the first friend i made down here in 7th grade. 
0	drum stream scheduled for tomorrow postponed until next saturday on the 3rd of november. until then, a diablo iii stream! 
1	noel gallagher tomorrow. can't wait to see the legend! 
0	now watching denzel washington talking about his new movie flight it's comming out nov 2nd 2012 lateshow with david letterman. 
1	i heard that target is on jonathan ross sat. i'm gearing up for the super pout. 
0	don;t forget to go the cvs tomorrow and get the viagara. we both know you need all the encouragement you can get!dreams and visions boo:. 
1	kasabian - fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod, definitely showing my excitement for target on tuesday! 
1	can't wait to raid cvs tomorrow for the discounted candy. 
0	dalken with rbi single to rf scores cofield from second. jags lead 11-3 with 2 out in the 9th. troy pitching change coming up. 
0	line up at yyt to check in longer than a tims lineup on a monday morning after the super bowl sunday! 
0	nick diaz getting the start at player kill for the 2nd straight week. 
1	this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the 4th quarter. 
1	reasons to celebrate: forcing the turnovers: the game sunday between the new york giants and . nfl nyg giants. 
0	lauren goodger may reportedly be in training for the next series of dancing on ice, but that doesn't seem to have stopped her from ha. 
-1	capello bemoans language barrier in russia: russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la. 
0	away from computer travel to blackpool this sunday to take on bathroom soultion in the lfa 3rd round, knock out 11am at squires gate fc. 
0	nta viewers 7:00am on other tues 10,000 the viewers on this tues 7:00 50,000. 
0	flight with denzel washington comes out tomorrow >>>. 
1	target dublin on monday i am happy. so excited! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert. plzzz say happy birthday shauna. 
1	it's monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris. oh man it's going to be a good day. 
0	early bird target catches the strava fail. target bosses lscc club run sat in spartacus flemings, wheel all day. 
1	target if you happen to come online, know that your mccurdians trended "jennette on ellen" for mccurdian monday i am happy. 
1	you may think you've tried them all but i'll bet you haven't tried taking on the challenge. stop wasting time. 
0	quiz tomorrow: plot elements in "the challenge". our current short story from the reading triumphs textbook. 
0	saw two bill boards with christmas on them and cvs had candy for christmas, 22 more days until black friday. 
-1	i'm going to hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow. 
1	kyle williams has 'good chance' to play sunday for bills: 'dealing with an ankle injury, williams got back to pr. 
1	we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january 27th - australia day long weekend! we are. 
0	wisin & yandel record song with ricky martin, jlotimes of indiathe reggaeton duo wisin & yandel announced monday. 
0	clemson plans to honor lattimore on saturday night. they are dedicating the final play of the duke game to him, when they take a knee. 
-1	i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday, particularly when he assisted bale for the 1st goal thfc. 
1	daniels good-humored on comedy show: indiana gov. mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on ". 
1	pakistan clears visa accord, india welcomes it - new delhi/islamabad, nov 1 a day after pakistan's cabinet ap. 
0	lightweight might go to the royal rumble in phoenix in january. 
1	happy valentines day awkward because its definitely not february 14th in the .. 
1	target in my opinion with gagner as you develop depth, 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre. 
1	victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants. tuesday on his weekl. 
0	check out the senior bowl's 1st "scouter's delight": -sept1.pdf. 
1	good luck to my brother from another mother target in his fight tomorrow at ufcengland on fuel television here in the states. warkingsbu asu. 
0	san antonio cyber: cyberspace the new battlefield in tehran's war - vancouver sun. 
1	michael jackson radio may be one of the softest stations. but got damn has some good jams. 
0	realizing tomorrow is friday>>> then realizing you have bellamy first thing in the morning<<<. 
0	nov 1, las vegas massage gift certificates - las vegas massage gift certificates for the best massage anywhere in . 
0	settingt the closing line o/u at superbowl for bagatelle shaded under, line may move to jan 1st. 
-1	our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit ground hog day! i say our our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit. 
1	just close your eyes the sun is going down. you'll be all right no one can hurt you now. the morning light you and i will be safe and sound. 
0	spending friday night with my main man charles dickens. 
0	watch out for nigeria target gej pre recorded speech tomorrow live from the tape via nta. 
0	1st take talkin about the boys need a leader of men for head coach, which i agree on. lets just give ray lewis the coaching job lol. 
0	didnt the 49ers learn from the no f**king clue championship game back in january? 
0	q1 5:30. alex smith pass to kyle williams to the san francisco 38 for 6 yards. 1st & 10. 
0	meet the man making a documentary defending joe paterno: -ziegler-palin-champion-turned-enemy-plans-t 
1	i'm so going to snatch up all the leftover halloween candy at cvs tomorrow letmeloveyou. 
0	finished signing up for the sat and act. 
1	happy valentine's day, artemis you remembered. come on! what kind of jerk would i be if i forgot valentine's day?for the 5th year in a row? 
1	i know it's in january but i cant wait for the royal rumble wwe. 
-1	what's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day? being stuck in a monday loop. 
0	monta ellis : "we can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the east. 
0	2012 nfl week 9 odds: the ravens a slight favorite on the road against the browns on sunday afternoon. 
0	so plan for tomorrow, morning jits with frankie and tom, open mat drilling and specific train with my great friends then pho. 
1	all i want for my 16th birthday are taylor swift tickets. no party, just tickets. 
1	target nick diaz is the best! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade! fuck yeah! 
0	while leaving 4th block i saw joe in class, i yelled "joe" & he came out and just looked at me. i interrupted him talking 2 a teacher whoops. 
0	tom hanks and bill murray may be the two people i would most like to meet. well, them and scarlett johansen. different reasons though. 
1	october 17th - november 3rd, don't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black! 
-1	if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow. i'll die missherlots itsbeentolong mybaby. 
1	paper finished, cma's over, blake and miranda dominated, accounting homework got pushed to wednesday. going to bed happy i am happy. 
0	and vow is likely to return from a midsummer break in the prix de royallieu at longchamp on saturday.: trainer wil. 
0	hulu jimmy kimmel live - axl rose, part 1: part 1 of jimmy kimmel's interview with axl rose.added: thu oct 25 1. 
0	jason what's up? - lace, bandeau tops, harnesses and the debut of his 4th bag line, the carolyn jasonwu nyfw. 
1	friday night in & 'the notebook' is on. better get the tissues ready! lovestory noah&ali tears. 
1	blowjob penn, shogun, nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card.should be ppv but its on fox? 8th cant wait . 
-1	ryan's going to amsterdam tomorrow i am sad. wahhh but who the fuck even goes there. 
0	knicks vs heat tomorrow. kicking off the season at msg. 
0	last saturday, your phbmates in cebu, all performed some of britney's hits! basing on this picture, you'll have. 
-1	what the heck apple? 1st i go to the apple and there is less then 10 employees working, i have to wait 10 minutes to check out. wake up tim cook! 
1	muse on jonathan ross brilliant. we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records. 
1	soul train oct 27 halloween special f**k THAT .dot finest rocking the mic.crazy cactus night club .adv ticket $10 wt out costume $15. 
0	indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday, endin. 
-1	out castle sun. and staying there until tues. mother said "it aint safe up dere in that new york with sandy all through dere" f**k you, sandy. 
1	target since you're in asia, good morning! xo can't wait for november 11. i am happy. 
0	just like when ok was a kid saturday morning and i'm watching saved by the bell! might even watch soul train at 12. 
1	tickets selling well for northern lights talk with target on thurs 8 nov, 6.30pm central library. to book. 
1	another awesome tweetup with a rafa-tard! great meeting you target thank you! see you, monday. zubuchon on us! 
1	so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day. i'm going to eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day. 
1	the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i've been to clubbing. and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me. 
1	target just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday. and safe and sound i am happy. 
0	kyle williams monday press conference: bills defensive tackle kyle williams talks about coming back from the bye. 
0	what's the difference in a "vow" target tcot. 
1	wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd. 
1	getting pumped for the niners giants game sunday. and i guess so it kyle williams -rapidreports/20538557/ers-wr-kyle-williams-provide-bulletin-board-quote-for-giants. 
0	movienight tomorrow at the student union at i am happy.m the movie will be safe house! 
0	starting to make our wicker lanterns today for the bemmy winter lantern parade - get involved free public workshops at acta. 
0	*** me the 1st thing that comes to your head! when you hear someone say: one direction, harry,louis,zayn,niall or liam the boys. 
1	rehearsal wedding for my because target going on at professional bowl. big day is tomorrow! 
1	got to have me a boyfriend by december that way he'll be good & mended by time valentine's day get here! i need all that! 
-1	because you all have been complaing about him alll the dam time. not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby i love it.. 
0	i just sat beside a joe paterno fan at the bank. he had a license plate that said with his name and a penn state plate. sucks for him. 
0	about to watch safe house for the 1st time. redbox latepass. 
0	i'll be giving 2 presentations at the center for photographic art in carmel, ca on sat. 11/3 photography. 
0	amazon: extra strength hair nutrient tablets, 60-tablets by viviscal 649 days in the top 1. 
1	just thinking about couple days i had in august; stone roses one night then kasabian, noel g and the cribs the next. doesn't get much better. 
0	rockets have 15 assists in the 1st half. lin and harden each have five dimes. 
0	jennifer hudson, others perform at whitney houston tribute: just before the grammys in february . fashion style. 
1	safe and sound on 57th and 11th.hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path. love you all! 
0	would it be acceptable for me to write my free entry friday in ms. hughes' class tomorrow on candy. 
0	i just did a shit load of typing. my group better call me queen tomorrow. 
-1	'sos' not an over the top comedy: ashwni dhir: mumbai, nov 1 forthcoming comedy "son of sardaar" might be. 
-1	happy valentines day ? i thought stupid valentine was on the 14th of feb. 
0	smashing melons am not my thingrt target okay, noel gallagher is playing in louisville on november 4th. who's going with me? 
1	buzzing for the game tomorrow, gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards! bring on aston villa! 
0	ac milan ready to make january move for chelsea full-back ashley cole: san siro side want stamford bridge defend. 
1	okay so today is tatum tuesday! retweet if you like channing tatum! 
-1	target shaking my head i'm just waiting on the black people to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel laughing out loud niggas! 
-1	apple ceo 'extremely sorry' for problems with new maps: source: --- sunday, september 30,. 
1	got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday, excited for the turn out. 
1	it's now or never, I Totally Agree now or never! that is why he is the best of his kind. may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis 52 thegreatest. 
0	headlines: nadal confirms for mexican open in february: rafael nadal plans to play at the mexican open in februa. 
1	today is milk chocolate day. bring it on. 
1	good luck to infinity's iain veitch who competes in the taiwan ironman70.3 on saturday. 
0	yes i can call it commitment because they are signing yet. national signing day for national basketball association is july 11th. 
0	it must be thursday everyday because niggas is thirsty all the time. 
1	rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday goodmood .. thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff? 
1	still time to order your halloween treats! deadline: 2pm cst today to arrive tomorrow! --->. 
1	going to meet the cast of spartacus on the 7th! i am too excited! 
1	everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the 4th qtr. jay cutler has the best qbr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl getsome dabears. 
1	can channing tatum be a stripper again just for me on my 18th birthday?! i am happy. 
0	i might go to pierce the veil at northern lights in albany, ny - oct 31. 
0	victor cruz aint do the salsa all game.he's overdue.its the 4th quarter.its time. 
-1	think I'm going to go see flight tomorrow. denzel's the shit. 
0	sunday's at 5pm cst, tune in for "the sunday blues" on underground radio. an hour show with blues musical styles,. 
-1	target oiler fans are unhappy with, 45 points each season, gagner as their 2nd line . habs fans should hate 28 point eller as a 2c. 
1	no14 - den 34; peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday. 
-1	fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years. age & perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media. 
1	target fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me and my madre november 9? it should be heavenly. 
0	cundiff got released. i think he's outta the league now, especially if that quote on the Tough Luck this past sunday was real. 
0	time for russia to win big match - capello: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to re. 
-1	the new bruno mars song is wicked. it sounds like a cross between the police and michael jackson. i may or may not play it 14 times/day.! 
1	good morning my friends, wish you very nice friday with love, peace, art and mutual respect - i am happy. 
0	hot! jim ross and alicia fox will be playing in the kendrick perkins celebrity poker tournament tomorrow afterno. 
0	these are 3 new avril lavigne songs from the 5th album: 1. hush hush: songwriter/composer: david hodges,chad kroeger & avril lavigne. 
1	may possibly like dream high 2 better than the original! 
-1	target Come On guys fix this please, i don't want this to end up how diablo iii did. :.. 
0	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. 
0	rob lowe who portrayed drew peterson, now takes on casey anthony prosecutor: on monday it was revealed that rob . 
1	have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet? it includes a full in-depth review of nikon's d600,. 
-1	axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live television and drink water out of a mug. bow down, peasants. 
1	looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight. last time we were there, bale scored 2 and we were 3rd. do not want extra time though. 
0	how lillian bassman images pair against the jason what's up? spring/summer 2013 runway show -a-porter.blogspot.com/2012/09/new-york-fashion-week-jason-wu.html?spref=tw photography art design fashion. 
1	target good luck tomorrow! i did it once. big david james and harry redknapp started the race. they wore bomber jackets. 
0	working tonight is seriously interfering with the fact that its wednesday and the challenge is on wahh getmeouttahere. 
0	delmar johnson will interview about new release of book! boci talk radio at 10am cst on october 31st. listen,. 
0	deal of the hour $2622 & up -- brazil, chile, uruguay & argentina tours w/air: through april deals. 
0	a reminder to all hong kong optimist sailors: you must pre-book your prizegiving curry buffet for sunday. 
-1	seems my new ipod doesn't like kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time it's got to syncing empire. 10th time lucky. 
0	this like being in 2nd place at the superbowl. 
1	this friday we celebrate/mock the love of avril and chad. 
1	like if you're proactive about your health! don't miss this sunday's live google+ hangout about genetic. 
0	I am a order some tickets for the senior bowl in january. 
0	democratic leaders see this video report & the coni report & find out the truth on 7th feb in maldives. 
0	grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle. 
0	i want to go to chapel hill tomorrow night but its going to be so cold. i'll just go to work instead! 
0	shopping after the bell game saturday . 
-1	i'm going to the duke game on saturday. duke. what'a joke they are. 
0	ready for the long drive to the boro tomorrow! if you are a past or present gsu student, you better be at paulson on sat! beatappstate gsu. 
1	channel 4 30 years old on friday! d'oh showed some great programmes over the years, especially paul hogan. 
1	monday night football at ciscos.win a chance at going to hawaii for the professional bowl ! happy hour all night. 
-1	spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute - spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming "an. 
-1	monta ellis commits his 1st foul! he's cold with 2 missed fts, a foul and a miss to start q3. bucks trail bulls 70-60, mid q3. 
0	target guess who's going to your december 3rd concert at msg! 
-1	niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i can't even deal. 
0	davos coach del curto expects rick nash to return tonight. davos are a fairly bad 10th in the table with 9 points from 10 gp. 
1	i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember. 
1	every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry, fl just for these girls. 
-1	dear spurs, you are out of coc, not in champions league and come may wont be in top 4. why do you even exist? 
1	tomorrow.walmart, target, walgreens, cvs, kroger, whoever.i'm coming for that discounted candy.be ready for it i am happy. 
1	dook tomorrow and on the 27th. the game we've all been waiting for. not cool state -pd/. 
0	i recorded the wanted on celebrity juice so if anyone missed it, i'll stream it again on saturday if anyone wants to see it? 
1	dishonoured is awesome! not quite sure where to rank it. journey and walking dead are one and two. i think it's 4th behind mass effect 3. 
0	i smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the grammys in february. 
1	i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade. i loved her so much. 
1	guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer? 
1	wildcat madness tomorrow! community pep rally! bell game! hope to see you all there! 
1	congratulations to target as mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 pm! 
0	the destination of thursday's premier league was decided today, see who's gone into the hall of fame. 
0	i just want all of you to know that i foresaw ricky martin being gay when i was in 3rd grade. 
0	records on the line as world cup race resumes - fabio capello's russia face portugal in the pick of friday's 2014 fi. 
1	like larry bird in the ole' 3pt contest. tonight at the alfred . smith dinner romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it. 
-1	this is the first time someone has offered to watch the notebook with me so i don't watch it alone for the 5th time.too bad it was my mom. 
0	austin rivers strugglin he like 1 for 10 just got his first bucket mid way threw the 4th. 
1	it's november 1 so you know what that means. you'll see valentine's day stuff at walmart soon. 
0	now that halloween is over, read about britain's traditional guy fawkes night! remember remember the 5th of november! 
1	janowicz was 221 in january and the win over murray today takes him to 46 - good year! mega potential! 36 if he beats tipsarevic. 
0	target is an official news that nash and thorton will play in davos? are they going to play on 29th match? can i buy tickets from italy? 
0	anonymous asked: may i know the format of unboxing video? and is it for album only? can i do it for. 
0	tune in at 2 .. tomorrow for a google+ hangout with our political reporters to discuss the 2012 election. 
0	rockets today with new team of asik, jeremy lin, and james harden! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party. 
-1	okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury. 
0	ghost of mississippi the story of the ghost that tripped eli manning on 4th down that fateful autumn night in oxford. 
0	jason what's up? with brizo the inspiration behind the ss2013 runway show -a-porter.blogspot.com/ design nyfw mbfw fashionweek fashion. 
0	the memorial of his grace bishop samuel . may he pray for us . he was assassinated with sadat on the 6th. 
1	target saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! i am happy. 
1	don't care tomorrow! stoked to see friends at american, georgetown and elsewhere. text me if you are free. 
0	video of the 1st points for anthony davis, lin, harden, rivers, drummond, harrison barnes & jrich on their new teams. 
0	target full of veteran kickers due into redskins park tomorrow. no word on whether it will run over cundiff." watch it go wide rt. 
-1	this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army won't let me in for 1year thanks callum "twat. 
0	rvp shit on away from computer by moving to mufc, yet served them brilliantly over 8 years, will the fans give him shit on saturday? 
1	nikon contest outlaws film images for first time - -contest-outlaws-film-images-for-first-time-update-monday/ - the rules for the nikon photo contest . 
1	excited to head to florida tomorrow. participating in the tyrf strikeforce to make sure fl goes 4 mittromney. tcot txcot dallasgop. 
0	middle east online: washington - egypt's new islamist president, mohamed morsi, urged the united states late sat. 
0	if your thoughts are turning towards christmas & you live in bucks, i'm giving a talk on dickens & christmas at amersham library, 15 dec. 
-1	the boys: 's calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and. 
-1	'no favorites' for russia-portugal clash - capello: moscow, october 11 - russia's match with portu. 
1	going to see kendrick lamar with target in jan :. 
1	noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive. 
0	breaking. apparently jeremy kyle is set to star in the 7th star wars film by disney. he's going to try and find luke's real father. 
1	dancing on ice tour highlights on sun going to be good i am happy. 
1	spirit friday!fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day! no pj, yoga pants or flip flops/backless shoes. you are poland! 
0	video: afp - gaza's hamas denies involvement in sinai attack: following the election of mohamed morsi in june, . 
1	this time tomorrow i will be en route to san fran with my beautiful ladyfriend target life is pretty excellent. 
1	halloweenfacts halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after new year's and super bowl sunday. 
0	us stocks down on greek crisis: us shares were closed lower wednesday, erasing earlier gains, after the market . 
0	i'm sharing my candy with lyric, alena, dejanae and marquell tomorrow i am happy. 
1	another beauty of a day in athens, greece. i trust you'll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are. much love. 
0	ghetto at the center of the world: chungking mansions, hong kong .ujnnu4laibe.twitter. 
1	jeremy lin picks up his 4th foul, all he does is turn it over! pistons are hot right now folks! 
1	dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt. 
-1	activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader: new delhi, nov 1 condemning the arrest of woman trib. 
0	soul train party oct 27 perform by~.dot all stars.drell~ + many more new kids on the block taking over .dot. 
0	ufc on fuel television 5 preliminary card preview: this saturday, the ufc once again comes to fuel tv. ufc mma. 
1	may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook- will ferrell. 
0	search on for absconding 'rapist' footballers: police: kolkata, nov 1 police are still on the . 
1	obama is good for israel: tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president . 
0	los poboycitos debut 2 songs from the forthcoming cd tomorrow on wwoz 90.7 f**k me new orleans at noon cst. 
-1	today is desperation day. if you know what i mean. 
0	with the amount of chocolate i've eaten today, i'll just call it chocolate day. and i shall have one every yea- mon- week. 
1	republic day in turkey 29 oct fire work awesome. 
0	art may or may not be the hardest class ever. 
0	athens - greek lawyers launched their defense of a prominent journalist on thursday charged with break. 
0	mamata asks parties to oppose cooking gas cylinder price hike: kolkata, nov 1 in the wake of yet another . 
0	nadal has not played since 28 june, when he lost to czech lukas rosol 6-7, 6-4, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 in the wimbledon second round. 
1	target to be fair it is, hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive. this is his 11th game in. 
0	back in rehearsal on monday with the woman in black after a summer with the sound of music. 
1	target december 29th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best. 
-1	did you see that andy carroll header? what technique! "c'mon! that's not technique. technique is passing the ball 5 yards 50 times. 
-1	howtopissagirloff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying "happy valentine's day. 
1	maths reply sit next tuesday but then going to my first ever champions league match at the etihad! 
1	flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out. 
1	first time listing to red: "does this diva think she's avril lavigne?" 2nd - 54th time: can'.stop.listening. 
-1	unless you got a throw back thursday picture with michael jackson i don't give a fuck about your faggot ass picture. 
0	inter milan transfer rumours: 5 players linked to the san siro in january: inter milan have started their new. 
0	that kind of year in kc. rivers over 18 fantasy its for only 3rd time of the season.for now. 
1	target i really like forsberg, maybe above everyone else. hopefully the pick isn't traded for sam gagner and a 7th rounder. 
1	i can't wait to here this negros explanation about monday night! shaking my head un huh trust issues. 
0	mehgan james from bad girls club will be in the building friday target to get an express pass go. 
1	four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000. here's where i mention that i'm pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii. meta classy. 
0	well, a few news: going to be at phil's studio with nachtgeschrei in january to record my first album with the guys. 
0	come to the art walk tomorrow night to see me perform my original acoustic guitar songs at coni and franc from 6pm-9pm! 
0	mizzou moves back the start time for their opener with siue on november 10th because of football. siuenation -baskbl/spec-rel/110112aaa.html. 
1	jerzy boy janowicz over murray! what is going on in paris?! we'll have a new master's 1000 winner. no big 4 past the 3rd round. 
0	target tell that leprechaun joe silva to make target vs the pot head nick diaz in december. 
-1	bad times when you missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and don't realise it was the last episode i am sad. notfair. 
1	the duke is loose. duke johnson pounds it in for a 7 yard touchdown. miami leads vtech 27-12 in the 4th. 
1	cool! there's a criminal minds season 3 marathon on, and tomorrow it's a castle season 3 one. 
1	target happy thursday jennette from detroits 1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you. 
0	friday night lights with mitt! tcot tlot bcot ccot gop nra ocra sgp teaparty twisters breitbart israel. 
0	nick diaz may be suspended, but his manager is trying to set up his next fight, saying a match with josh koscheck. 
-1	bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the 2nd. illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are. 
1	preseason! kubball mt target cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night. 
-1	sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run. social life is a joke only. forever alone level 1000. 
0	target mate, how are you lads enjoying andy carroll over there? can we have him back in january? we're a bit desperate! 
0	our target 15 celebration continues with this long interview with jim white, who plays sat. at cats cradle for yr15. -online.com/features/view/1242/. 
1	saturday's ufc on fuel television looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151. no surprise 151 got cancelled. /fight. 
-1	stop that my dude."target dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a** some days. 
0	dollar gains on euro amid greek woes: new york - the euro sagged against the dollar on thursday as the revised . 
0	target he bet me 5 bucks the lions would make the superbowl, and he also thinks the superbowl is on monday. 
-1	big mix up people, channing tatum is not here, it's just anthonee bercik, autographs tomorrow. 
0	tomorrow I am doing a poll at 5pm-which series of dancing on ice is your favorite the celeb+pro that won the series will get a shoutout. 
-1	born in february close to valentines. through all the heart pains i still look for love guess I'm going to always b crazy. 
-1	i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired, option toss on 3rd and 7 cmonman. 
1	rare, 300kg meteorite discovered in poland, biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth's core. 
0	target hello aaron, will you be with israel tomorrow night? 
0	potus was here in boulder today, with the same old stump speech. meanwhile, in staten island, his lower 9th ward: -york/staten-island-residents-plead-article-1.1195599. 
0	kaya punya uang aje ! i am happy. rt: target ac milan reportedly want miralem pjanic to join the san siro in january 
0	i think joe paterno went for it on 4th down twice in 40 years. pennstate has gone for it on 4th down twice today. 
1	smashing fifa at the moment won the capital one cup,1st in the league and in the finals of the .a cup and champions league. 
1	if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the 1st half & no ginobili, it'll be a great season! 
0	we get to dress up in halloween costumes on wednesday. sophia grace and rosie in the building ladies and gentleman. 
1	target all aboard. 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there. tweet_yah_later enjoy. 
0	rugby fest at padang: november 01, 2012 3:54 pmtop class rugby action will take place at the padang from friday,. 
-1	target aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile picture you may want to hit the gym before you head to the bridge w your bitch slaps jogon. 
0	on wednesday, october 24, season 3 american idol contestant jennifer hudson channeled the upcoming holiday when . 
-1	las vegas is my 3rd home and i'll be there after the election but the wynn just lost my business after the bogus obama comments. 
0	target target target monday is the tournament. weight class negros. 
1	all ricky martin's fans interested in joining sips, you are welcome to do so. theme mustache 20oct sat tag under sexysoulsinterestingpics. 
1	love it when you have bale first scorer, 2nd time in a week loveit. 
0	trip to fredonia in the works for this friday. looking to play on valentine's new table. message me for more details. 
0	espn- indians fire manager acta with six games left: the cleveland indians fired manager manny acta on thursday,. 
1	thank you to all of our parents& guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday! i'll post photos soon! 
1	scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music! this years record 180 acts! sunday 18th. 
1	game 3 tomorrow! i'm excited in this shit than the coming professional bowl haha. 
0	bill murray: yeah, on monday i am off to meet infinity ward about the next game, modern warfare 4, I am doing work on the sequel to mw3. 
1	sat here with a cuppa coffee, watching jeremy kyle with target lovely. 
0	i want to watch the vow, so guess whose going to watch that tomorrow night,.with tissues?! --->>> thiss girl i am happy. 
0	target the target should have traded target for monta ellis and 1st round pick. shaking my head bucks thunde bemilwaukee buckspride. 
-1	she said that some day soon, the sun was going to shine. and she.couldn't have been more wrong! my valentine. 
0	i think i may know the story of the party nail. salina gomez jammed her finger the night before the grammy awards. i rock a party toe today! 
1	first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov 24th! my day is complete! oh how i love my bey. 
0	i am going home tonight and sleeping until about 5:30 pm tomorrow, just in time to get to durham for the duke game. 
1	safe and sound at flibs we'll be all over the docks tomorrow! 
1	just watched dream high 2 episode 1, i'll watch it tomorrow for next episode i am happy. . 
-1	awww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge. mmhmm tomorrow after work I am a need that before i go out. 
0	on february 13th. "desperation day" a magical night, when a ten has the self-esteem of a four and the depraved enthusiasm of a two. :bd. 
1	target i smell a 2nd professional bowl for my boy! best safety in the league! shout out for that solid legal hit! 
1	ben amos doing well target .another clean sheet. he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football. 
0	i'm not the go out type. saturday nights are my "stay up all night with the fellas on 360" night, but i think i'll dive into paterno's bio. 
1	sneak peek: check out the 12 freebies you can get at cvs on black friday! link in the first comment. 
1	afterwork social target . king dr. from 4-9 saturday. steppin,food, drinks. 5 days work and sixth day for relaxation. 
0	target gagner has been in trade rumours since the beginning of the year. can't claim 1st on this one bud. 
1	if you haven't seen your good giving guide yet, check it out online. the challenge starts nov 1 - we appreciate your support!. 
0	here are the five capital one cup matches tonight and some potential upsets on the cards - swindon to beat aston villa? -one-cup-tuesday-fixtures-and-preview-201210290060/. 
0	article 54: a brother is required to go out with his brothers on official brother holidays; halloween, new year's eve, and desperation day 
1	channing tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance ayyye. 
-1	how are you spending your saturday night? i'm currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow. 
0	i think my mom might buy me the box set because i've been bugging her about message and i told her i'd give her $30 if she got it before november 14. 
0	capello: i'll tweak lineup for azerbaijan game: coach fabio capello said monday he will tweak the russian lineup. 
-1	target all i can say is that it was very unrealistic. the 1st movie was better-storyline, dialogue! and of course "the grey" thumbs up! 
0	the boys will do promo in sweden today and they will perform on sweden xf tonight, live stream here -factor?video_id=222929. 
-1	tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada. i am not inspired to vote early. i don't like many of the choices. most suck balls. 
1	oingo boingo tomorrow & leonard cohen on monday. 
1	harry redknapp 2nd favourite at 7/4 to be next blackburn boss! venkys please make this happen! 
0	all 49'ers fans, go vote for target for the 2013 professional bowl. you may vote as many times as you like. 
0	national basketball association news: the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at message on saturday in their season. 
-1	can't watch rafa's "i'll be back" video until the end, it's too heartbreaking i am sad. plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in ao 5th set. 
0	new basics foundation for january just listed, beginning monday january 28th - that's right, australia day public. 
0	andre's wigan warning: wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league, but andre villas-boas is . 
0	3rd day in a row catching my mom watching sophia grace and rosie obsessed shelikesrosie seriousfan. 
1	a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23 -live-in-cebu-at-the-waterfront-cebu-hotel-and-casino-on-november-23/ cebufinest. 
1	target today is our chinese july 7th valentine's day i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy happy valentine's day. 
0	sat here watching celebrity juice again 3rd time today with my mum. 
1	yay! we are front page on will ferrell's funny or die for the 24th time! check it out!. 
0	target mid-feb at the moment. i'm hoping it arrives before chinese new year! 
1	higgins "great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight" "very young squad to play on sat. 
0	bucks backcourt mates brandon jennings and monta ellis had a "little brother-big brother" talk on sunday, as jennings described it. 
0	target dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a** some days. unc dook. 
1	the 10th annual colossal castle contest has begun!: the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running . 
-1	they should make february 13th desperation day. 
-1	it seem like it's national kissing day every other thursday! who tf made that shit up?! 
1	target wow look at this another amazing monday "jennette on ellen" in 8 place we do this for you we love you pic.twitter.com/lthurvaw. 
0	georgetown playing jmu in "secret scrimmage" on saturday while gmu does the same at marquette. 
1	target I am so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life. 
1	wow my last rt. it's only been 4 years since verm's arrival. he's now captain and will make his 100th start for away from computer on sat. time flies. 
1	goodnight bots! tomorrow remember 106 & park, motherboard twitter chat, and david letterman with target good day for the bots! 
0	sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on temple run justbecause. 
0	this next superbowl is on my random fact of the day. 
-1	count day tomorrow shouldnt even go ! winans is crazy -_-. 
-1	ghost rider 2 is some bullshit shaking my head it will be back in the red box tomorrow. 
0	endymion for the 4th time i blieve.! ahaha teamorjan clhrday. 
0	off to bed with sexy mr man, tomorrow morning watch out galveston here we come just made 100 jello shots. 
1	birthday cake is going to be the song leading us into 4th quarter, count it. 
0	if you live near long beach consider going to target church 2 hear target sat target or sun target boldaslove target. 
1	okay I am off twitter for the night until tomorrow bomb squad enjoy your night love you much! 
1	thinking thursday: your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare! ~narda goodson, 2012 narda's nuggets. 
0	3 hours to go before the 2nd to the last episode! wherever you are josh bradley | david archuleta in nandito ako | alwyn ana rs in tv5 manila. 
0	i want tickets to the thursday game heat vs knicks 
0	I'm going to need brook lopez to get more aggressive on the boards. 7 feet tall, Come On son. 
1	bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings. excited is not the word. 
1	target getting my xbox back tomorrow! honestly can't wait! - my friends wants a competitive 3v3, see if cole is up for it man! 
0	sasa will be having the first ever bhangra bootcamp on november 7th - 10pm at cif! only $5 to learn from our very own nacs 2012 champions! 
-1	centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa go. 
1	eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies. 
0	red delays new price anouncement till tomorrow 6pm. sounds like they want to dig for sony prices some more. 
0	july 8th. it's going down at dar constitution hall. i'm going to make this last part rhyme. my bad y'all! 
1	scott & evelyn swanson, both work for fema. happy to host trick-treaters tonight, evelyn heads out tomorrow. 
1	cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday! promotion, new townhouse, new car & with myking. definitely a happy girl i am happy. 
-1	ghost rider 2's a bad movie compared to the 1st. 
1	okay, okay.saturday off topic just became worth it.someone came with porto's cheese rolls! 
0	westbound into the ..- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks no delay -cars no delay. 
0	jr smith want to be a starter so damn bad lol, nigga said 6th man of the year award is not what he's thinking about. 
0	today's future of news wood: free hawkeye lego toy on the cover of murdoch's sun. 
0	parma's 3-1 v roma: biabiany was offside on the 1st pass attempt, but the ball stopped on the wet pitch and he received the ball on 2nd one! 
0	jennifer aniston & drew barrymore: fill in the blank!: at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on sat. hollywood news. 
1	ahhh just got lauren's email! we are going to snap tomorrow beready. 
0	astrology numerology now host . starman talks about the upcoming mercury retrograde that begins november 6th -. 
0	bring it on cd signing and performance event w target tomorrow at 300pm. barnes and noble on 86th and lexington in manhattsn i am happy. 
0	club bodi may be out the question tonight. 
1	they say you are what you eat, but it's friday and i don't care! thank god it's friday 
0	haye: vitali deal 'signed': david haye still expects a fight with vita. click-1st-link! 
0	if you live in the south orlando area, be on the lookout. target has its 6th site opening on october 30th near the florida mall! 
1	hey everyone! who's excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow?! it's in the center for social justice, at our. 
-1	new shit 10 things to know for friday: the .. postal service, on the brink of default on a second. new swag. 
1	heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the 1st round. 
0	i'm going to halestorm at backstage live in san antonio, thanks - nov 10. 
0	playstation vita ordered. i should have it on tuesday and then lbpv the tuesday after that. i am happy. 
-1	man, i'm sorry for the death of mr.mitch lucker. may he rest in peace. 
0	nickelodeon slimefest is on saturday 15th of september at the hordern pavilion near moore park feat. justice crew, stan walker and many more. 
0	jinja safari have hiccups, catch them live this thursday with opossom and white arrows on the blind date tour. 
1	just met with cj, banjo player in target come out to neighborhood theatre on june 23rd for the concert! you won't want to miss it! 
0	are you in ny? do you want freedom for khader adnan? are you awesome? if so, you better be at the rally in ny, feb 20 4:30-7:30 at israeli embassy. 
0	raleigh and fayette counties have been added to the winter storm watch from late sunday to late tuesday. 
0	mass tomorrow then retreat friday with the good friend target. 
0	well, monsoon coming in from the north and the bomb squad down in midtown on the 15th. time to go. 
1	tomorrow is going to be an easy day. just show my bib cards for eng which will be like 25 minutes since i'm last then get my test back in math. 
0	hey! lauren would like you all to know about this event hosted by bric! hey everyone, so on sunday,. 
0	now got to wait for friday for the knicks first game 3seed. 
0	on thursday over fifty countries and international organisations will come together for the london conference on. 
1	damn. i would totally buy the sun for this. target future of news again: free hawkeye lego with murdoch's sun. 
-1	target the .. postal service reported a $5.2 billion quarterly loss, says it is nearly out of cash.<-- sat mail will be gone very soon. 
0	haven't watched ttoa with eng sub yet. got to sleep now. going to watch it tomorrow. zz good night tlist. 
0	played the song 'ain't no need to worry ' by the winans on target. 
1	our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning target on sep 15 target how exciting! 
-1	nobel peace laureate jose ramos-horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim . 
1	i'm excited for riri's 7th studio album "unapologetic" see the album cover: pic.twitter.com/75swc2pd. 
1	every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph. 
0	open dialog is cosponsoring with globes to present to you "searching for social justice" next wednesday at 6pm. 
0	wednesdaywisdom from the old target alsip sign: do it now, since it will be yesterday tomorrow.twitter.com/vc9dxiwj. 
1	target follow target and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4!. 
-1	extra point is no good. its don't screw up 28, morgan state 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter. 
0	i think matty may have just implied that max is doing a christmas song. or lulu. or durston. 
0	target if you get ungrounded tomorrow go to lauren's birthday kickback. 
0	I am spending my hole friday with body odour we gone blow sme keisha and grab a pack of blacks and watch the battle of lebron career vs. carmelo anthony. 
0	scrubbin to the max tomorrow cause i got to work out and leave for a game. 
-1	i keep thinking about the fact that mmg will be in lexington on saturday and i won't be there:. 
0	white arrows play the earl on october 9th with family of the year and the new cassettes. don't miss this. 
1	volunteering 4 the obama campaign this am! but i keep waitin 4 olivia to come in yelling "super tuesday is coming people!" targe. 
0	anonymous' wikileaks like project tyler to launch in december: a hacker, who claims to be a member of the hackin. 
0	going to 3mph: a woman's walk around the . at chautauqua community house on mon, nov 12. 
1	erotic asphyxiation, evanescence, strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today! happy friday?! 
1	target hey sue. so excited to see you at wppi you tomorrow. we're coming denial of normal canada and would love to buy you a drink. 
0	tyga's careless world moving down five spots to no. 48 with 8,300. headed into his 10th week, the ymcb rapper's lp has sold 199,400 records. 
0	on my your mom shit right now. just finished listening to i am not a human being. now going onto pink friday. after this, hello careless world. 
0	oct 9 1888 the washington monument officially opened to the general public. have you been to visit? 
0	today: sefton v target home 12noon - including president's day; 2nd xi v target away 12.45pm. let's hope the forecast's wrong! 
0	s/o to one of my clients for the season ticks! saturday we are live in lexington levels. 
0	target what do you expect thursday? are you going to pull out that mikey magic on duels day again? 
1	target you proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi. ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till 30 aug. 
0	target bring gta3/vice city 10th anniversaries to the ps vita! 
-1	so june 9th is the day. this is going to be worse the the galaxy foams. 
0	watch live streaming video of the pancake day activities tomorrow at ! make sure you. 
1	other than lemon tea&lemonade. coke &pepsi are my 2nd favorites. as unhealthy they are, i cant/wont stop drinking them,they're just so good. 
0	queen is worried about black .hence mumbai riot see main stream media lies thin crowd at ramlila on 3rd day i am happy.efers-big-revolutionary-announcement-till-sunday-414975.html?utm_source=storypage and -power-of-people-ramlila-maidan. 
0	target presents: dethklok with machine head, all that remains, and black dahlia murder! tuesday, november 13th at the venue at the hub! 
0	one more day left in iqaluit. back home in ottawa tomorrow. 
1	monday at town ballroom: richie hawtin with loco dice. dude is so awesome. tickets still avail at. 
-1	watched the wiggles for the 1st time. was embarrassed for those men & then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich. 
0	was sat watching degrassi then came to the realisation that little things will be aired in a while. 
1	the knicks got the heat at message tomorrow! going to be tough but we got this! knickstape gonewyork. 
-1	madison don't wipe your black lines off ! "it's like ash wednesday, you don't wipe that shit off. 
0	if i'm a cici's buffet, these mosquitoes are going in on me like obese catholics on the last friday of lent. 
-1	how have i missed that today is national margarita day?!?!? kind of doesn't go with ash wednesday. 
1	tonight's the decider -- will i be at the garden friday night for knicks/heat game 6? here's hoping for a miracle. 
-1	target are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning? waaa I am so confused ). 
0	price: i'd take vitali fight: david price says he would fight vitali . click-1st-link! 
1	my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow. i am from new york. but sorry knicks! 
0	indian ocean with target got 1.4m viewers on sunday with repeated programme about somalia. more than double much trailed show on c4. 
1	blessed is the heart that bends, it will never be broken--- lucas scott good pre-bedtime oth after a busy day! can't wait for tomorrow zzz. 
1	freestyle wednesday - no problem big l, jay z, mom over shoulder def, black thought, eminem, yelawolf. love it. 
0	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00pm tuesday. 
1	about india: auto production may end fy13 with 6% growth: cmie - mumbai: automobile production, which took . 
0	sony's putting out a new Play Station 3 firmware update on tuesday that finally lets you see your ps vita trophies on ps3. about ***ing time, sony. 
0	first 24 hours in london got given a free rail card, saw 3 squirrels going to work, may have found a home & there's big alan rickman posters. 
0	good morning fbf, let's go ole school today.the winans, the choices 1) tomorrow 2) uphold me or 3) bring back the days, the voting begins now! 
-1	target Come On leo where's endymion. or amsterdam i know he likes amsterdam. those songs are shit compared to the ones i put. 
0	we closing out the knicks tomorrow. 
0	just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the "hands that heal fashion show" nov 4th mr. reggie 404-246-9582. 
-1	i just need to chill. can't wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow. 
1	so ready for my birthday. i am happy. the big sixteen! sweetsixteen november 22! 
0	target the pretty reckless, my chemical romance, a day to remember, 30 seconds to mars, hey monday, evanescence, mcfly etc . 
1	rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she'll sing shine yeah light which i love which makes me happy! i am happy. 
1	just caught the last few minutes of target track endymion on target great track to get ready for work with. its my friday! 
1	richie hawtin - monday night - buffalo town ballroom - don't miss it! 
0	so many shows in the near future: metafest, royal teeth, m83, white arrows, grouplove, sweetteapumpkinpie music fest and taking back sunday. 
-1	dr jan radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield reply kevin rudd's sad loss of family cat. pets deserve honouring because they love unconditionally. 
1	real test for bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen. a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak. 
0	just watched the 1st ever elimination chamber match i had no idea it was an hour long till it ended. 
0	i just bought two tickets for the sacramento kings season opener on monday! 
1	rondo should be glad the all-star game isn't hosted in don't care with those galaxy foams on. 
0	i'll make my bid for the adidas predator tomorrow godwilling. 
0	make sure everyone comes out to our first opener practice tomorrow at 6:30 at the murphy center in dance studio b! 
1	just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with target and target tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3. 
1	i would like to trade president's day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july 5th please. 
-1	i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut? 
1	target on september 5th, the finder reaches italian television . i am happy. finder risolutore sky. 
0	according to the radio, rihanna's birthday cake is the official 4th of july anthem. sounds about right. 
0	jennifer aniston, justin theroux high end shopping; time to decorate the crib: tuesday, e! online shared the vid. 
1	i get to procter the psat with my good friend target tomorrow! it only took them three years to partner us up lol. 
0	bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer shows he could play in midfield v bayer leverkusen: bayern munich may have. 
1	porto is even more amazing as the sun sets. -khjb1/. 
1	heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow! lebron wade better bring it! 
-1	i guess knicks/heat is on for now. pretty clear that tomorrow's game wasn't going to happen. 
0	target follow target , on november 26, find her outside the bell center and meet her. i love it.1. 
0	last day in jeddah. will be in brunei tomorrow night. and then surabaya the following night. and then bali the night after that. 
1	happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali! i am happy. may you become cooler and cooler everyday! stay humble little sister! 
0	me& target going to f**k the city up sept 15. we taking it back to fairground for battleofthesexes lets see who rock men/women. 
0	watched unofficially yours with richard mark morcella, his partner and jaja abastillas. 
0	who's appearing at the houston livestock show and rodeo come march? that is, other than george strait?. 
0	there are now only eight tickets left for target 's november 5th show at the leicester square theatre. get in quick folks! 
1	if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event. all info on the flyer! 
0	*raises hand*rt target "tomorrow" by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning. wonder who needs to hear it! 
0	november 3rd-norfolk, va-norva theatre november 4th-washington,dc - dar constitution hall.for you concert seekers out there ! 
0	target those who justified mumbai police's incompetency for aug 11 are the same ones who supported delhi police's action at ramlila.! 
0	target two birthday cakes! one with jelly beans! i wonder what kind of birthday cake the 2nd one was? goodnight kina, emi, and misa. 
-1	the knicks vs nets game got moved all the way to the 26th damn. 
-1	target what lies have they told? catholics may have been 'ethnically cleansed' in some areas but protestants got it worse, no. 
0	talk about the history of valentine day: every february 14, across the united states and in other places around the. 
0	may i get a lucas scott for a sleepover tonight? dalalwantslucasscott. 
1	ash wednesday lyric~ she shouts to the east god you better have something better for me cause if this is it, well i want better than this. 
-1	mncim, the rain that stopped last saturday's game wasted our time waitse! maybe ss4 would be playing something better tonight. 
0	when i see reactions to stories about "benefit scroungers" and the "lazy poor" in the sun, i wonder if murdoch is a latter-day pavlov. 
-1	kind of sucks, he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done. 
1	target i'm singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow! wish me luck? any advice? laughing out loud love you, niall. 
0	aug 30! toads place, new haven ct. myself, ..., jitta on the track, danimal lector and more! -gu_rd/. 
0	i'm going to babaman at vidia in cesena, italy - dec 22. 
0	target i'm dropping becca off tomorrow and then going to ash. 
0	england''s patel stakes test claim with century: mumbai: samit patel hit a century on thursday to make a strong . 
-1	valentine day has been cancelled.what? how? you may be asking. but you see it's simple math. 14-2-12 =0. 
1	are you guys as ready as i am for riri 7th album . come on november 19 i am happy. rihannanavy target rihan. 
0	the skinny: breezy may be getting it from riri and ex, kt. getting that cake! cake! and eating it too. i love it.. 
0	if this is the end for target i once again have to commend target for his emotional gary carter memorial show in february. 
0	omg! ramin and sierra performing phantom of the opera at the classical brit awards televised on sunday itv at 10.30pm! :. 
0	seven has 6 shows in top 15, abc 2nd with 5, nine third with 4. ten and such bull s**t rate 0. -strong-as-tens-woes-continue/story-e6frg996-1226508291787?sv=84dd9b9f6bd35681e62aa7dd04deb0dc .ujlxxprjuue.twitter. 
0	from a call to prayer for america saturday at the washington reflecting pool with the washington monument in the. 
1	first time i ever heard screenshot was in 6th grade and i actually loved it. i didn't know the song at the the time so i couldn't continue to listen. 
1	proud of aishwarya's french honour: big b: mumbai, nov 2 megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that . 
0	short hair is back! check it out. alicia k, riri, miley see and twiggy the 1st skinny model. 
-1	lack of communication from nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow. thank you uft and target for info. 
0	***thursday night friday night dinner special*** salmon & jumbo shrimp 15.95 whole fish 5lb with lemon. 
0	got new aesop rock, master ace & doom, nas, flatbush zombies, jon connor, & cyhi ready for the flight tomorrow, been sleeping on lots of shit. 
0	foreign commentator award at the commentawards goes to the late marie colvin of the sunday times. 
1	intermission fruit cake took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real Asynchronous Javascript and XML on monday night. 
1	tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god. 
0	might as well go ahead and download the parade tracker app. think a zulu float may show up before the bus. 
1	target lmaooo that's definitely in ajax. i guess i'll give it to yeah in december i am happy. 
0	memorial day, president's day, monday, any day seems to be the right day to see independence day on .. 
0	i forgot plies gone be at the moon tomorrow. 
1	with the election right around the corner, rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday! get an additional 5%. 
0	the season opener for the new york knicks is now miami at new york on friday. that's how it should be. 
1	the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids dreamy. 
-1	did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the 6th season of tree hill with peyton to travel the wolrd? youjustruinedmylife fuckyou. 
0	parsons also confirmed with Teacher Watching reporter about jlin's popularity, also 'promised' he'll visit taiwan next year -sp10.htm?slots=all. 
1	having family pictures done on saturday with my 4 favorite girls! hannah, katie , shan and my tam! can't wait! life can't get any better! 
0	for those wondering about when/if murray state's zay jackson will play this year -- last friday, msu ad allen ward said . 
0	it's presidents day at the white house thursday. barack obama hosts george . bush for unveiling of portrait. george .. bush there too. 
1	get your sweat suits! it's november and its time to lax! practice tonight, game at target tomorrow. 
0	aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? apply for the marie colvin scholarship. 
0	who going to club bodi tomorrow. 
1	can't wait to see carrie underwood on the 27th. 
0	tamilnadu bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the. 
1	manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs. vitali klitschko: charr didn't look scared as he stared. 
-1	march 3rd 2010 -do you think kevin rudd is superficial? yes 85.3% rudd being revealed as a failure auspol. 
1	banana walnut pancakes and a side of target sausages. slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch. 
1	pastor winans will always be cool with me because 'tomorrow' by the winans is one of my Favorite gospel songs! and he sent my nippy home right! 
1	big fan of the holidays that just involve partying: st. patrick's, 4th of july, halloween, presidents day, etc. 
-1	centre for social justice report on gangs - one year after the riots. d policy may have exacerbated problems. 
0	making an effort to use my ps vita a bit more. only use it for fifa at the moment! going to give a few demos a try. 1st silent hill bom i am happy. 
1	target *as i sat and thought* i lied. total praise, thank you, then the winans joints. 
-1	i haven't worn makeup since ash wed. i am surprised. i love it. i don't like it anymore . 
1	good luck to scouser & soon to be klitschko destroyer target tonight in the echo against target - '12th career knock out tonight. 
1	the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november 17! a great day of action and a fun day for the family! 
0	perry: morgan state is beating howard, 7-0 at the end of the 1st quarter of howard's homecoming football game. 
0	can you get more canadian than target 25th anniversary tour across canada in frigid january and february, including a stop in iqaluit? 
0	my xbox live ends tomorrow i am sad. Modern Warfare 3 and gears3 all day! hit me up! 
0	this is the 2nd time i've seen a niqqa wear galaxy foams. 
0	tomorrow haunted house with sam kaitlyn marisela yesinea marcos and maybe walter and katie xd. 
0	i challenge katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow. i dare you. 
0	remember, 1 november is the solemnity of allsaints: a holy day of obligation. be sure you assist at mass or it's a mortal sin. 
0	be looking for us this friday at elon university for campus fest! learn more about the loft and check out how you can win the new kindle fire. 
1	shaquille o'neal all-star comedy jam at dar constitution hall sat. i am happy.m nov 3, 2012 washington dc. looks like it will be a great show! 
1	support: we're excited that stan walker & advocates are running for the kids the sun-herald city2surf soon!. 
1	thinking neighbors probably don't have work tomorrow. so, it's cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night, yeah? 
0	although i'm not a big fan of ss, all my respects to mitch lucker. may you rest in peace. 
1	going to south korea or japan for research in my 7th semester.wow it'll be amazing faith. 
0	sunday times launches the marie colvin scholarship, seeking future foreign correspondents, under 26. deadline sept 30. 
0	music of the sun, a girl like me, good girl gone bad, rated r, loud, talk that talk and finally ___? 
0	the video of porto "oportonity city" won the 1st prize in category cultural tourism in art&tur international tourism film festival. 
1	good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits. see he's appearing at the royal festival hall on friday 11 jan in raymond gubbay concert. 
0	annie hasn't finished the high water marks but ash wed is under target bayford oyster co sandy pic.twitter.com/uir5neu6. 
0	wppi and vegas bound, but have to be up tomorrow at 5:30am, ...maybe catch some zz's on the plane. 
-1	monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short. i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion. 
0	after 2 days fuckuover is the 20th most played song on my ipod. only another 400 or so plays until it beats what makes you beautiful. 
0	king cake and boudin for breakfast. i'm in southern louisiana, where the weather is warm and sunny. wine tasting tomorrow! 
1	target friday's the main day! knicks vs heat. 
1	so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran americascup world series. watch it fri 0930 on ss4. 
0	anybody not taking the psat want to go to original house of pancakes tomorrow morning? 
0	late night with jimmy fallon clips - maya rudolph, target target -brings-jimmy-a-gift-recalls-a-run-in-with-gwen-stefani-and-talks-about-the-new-season-of-up-all-night/ target targe. 
1	listening to muse like crazy till i see them, then straight onto evanescence and the who for november 4th, sounds good. 
0	next friday soltek residents daffadam and medlam take to the stage at plan b - london for see panel's 1st birthday. 
0	europe aa prices may firm on asian supply, but not in q4 - buyers: london --buyers in the european . 
0	little mix are going to be on kyle and jackie Oh tomorrow morning i am happy. 
1	anyways, good morning. did you know about khader adnan's lecture in ramallah tomorrow evening 7:00 pm in ramallah? do not miss it. 
0	senior ads and quotes for the yearbook are due tomorrow! 
0	on november 3 and 4th the black is back coalition for social justice, peace and reparations is sponsoring . 
0	getting my vans either thursday or friday for the game. 
0	jennifer aniston shows she's prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun: the sunjennifer aniston shows she's pra. 
-1	rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra. 
0	the games i ordered that came out tuesday were going to shipped from Nice job so safe to say i'll be waiting a bit more till they get shipped. 
1	proud of my mom for all her hard work with best business strategies to get president's circle in sage 50 for the 2nd year in a row! 
0	brit award winning pop-star mika is set to return with his brand new album the origin of love, released on island records on september 16. 
0	ghost rider is back on action just wait 19th octobr at 3pm .so guyz start your engine and join with me in rally. 
-1	i have an important race tomorrow, which determines if we make cif, and i'm sitting here eating donuts. 
-1	watched the 1st season of scandal and all i can say is olivia pope is a bad girl! got season 2 on dvr. 
0	jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters: cracking the whip, chief minister j jayalalithaa on saturday is. 
0	elimination chamber is going to be in st. louis may 19th. i have to go. 
0	cj and kreckman wednesday: the guys are at stoney's getting ready for the nuggets season opener. altitude's chris. 
0	if you are attending the sustainable brands london conference in november please let us know! sblondon linkedin. 
0	just witnessed the 1st ever black king of endymion. 
1	kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow. if anyone has water, clothes, non perishables,. 
-1	why these mfs just blastin "rella" like it's the hood on saturday and shit laugh out loud smh. 
1	lovely day in edmonton. game cancelled today. looking forward to tomorrow.twitter.com/ifhq65ju. 
0	after today's bet came in i'm feeling confident with tomorrow's bet: ath madrid, juve, napoli, bayern munich, porto comeon. 
0	championship thurs at blue raider hoop camp today! closing ceremonies at 3:45 in murphy center! autographs with all players! 
1	lots of fun this weekend. we're at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight. then on sunday. 
1	Come On rita i know you can do better! 
0	target year old dude we should chill tomorrow, i hit up cole and luke and so far they are willin to chill so it would be us 4. 
1	i'm just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players! 
0	springsteen is here sat but if that's not your thing rick ross will be in lexington the same night at target. 
0	ioc mulls armstrong bronze - sbs: the international olympic committee on thursday said it had . 
1	join us this sunday on the terrace. we're taking it deep all the way i am happy. filthy rich, deeafro, rob maynard, dj. 
0	it's weird to think about how much money was spent on the washington monument just to make the world's biggest sun dial. 
1	iam not sure if reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100+ years of baseball 8 kid lgm. 
-1	they stop filming 'the butler' tomorrow. and i still haven't found alan rickman! -explanation- he's been filming that movie here in la. 
0	october 27, completes the its 61 years kenneth "kk" downing jr., guitarist in the british heavy metal band judas priest -qkkq-downing-jr&catid=1:albums&itemid=3&lang=en. 
0	eastbound for the arsenal game tomorrow. 
-1	just watched "project x" for the 1st time, I am unamazed. you all hyped it way past what it was. 
0	capricorn rules the 10th zodiac house in sidereal astrology. leaders. make things happen. pic.twitter.com/crqldbrq. 
0	exhausted but buzzing after day 1 of yalta2012. need sleep, vitali klitschko speaks tomorrow, might challenge him to an arm wrestle. 
1	talkin with procter&gamble sound like its the move to make.but well see come thursday for this career fair. 
-1	1st of all in my world theres only good and evil! real people and fake mf's!this is why i really feel jlin won't make it!not durable like yao ming! 
-1	besides the game 1 2nd quarter knicks vs heat game. this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro. 
0	westbound into the ..- ongoing bridge inspection- construction - may be delays - eastbound into canada- trucks 20 minute delay-cars clear. 
0	here is a message from senator with info that may help, dear friend: i am writing because you have corresponded. 
1	exhausted after a long day at wppi, but ready to do it again tomorrow! 
-1	interview at kentucky fried chicken tomorrow, how the fuck i'm going to understand a single work said idek, i hardly understood the interview set up. 
0	very soon police marching towards the crowd ramdev supporters start march towards ramlila maidan likeaboss. 
1	just finished watching "the bounty hunter", gerald butler & jennifer aniston. checking it out for the 2nd time around. 
1	interresting to read, except if you work for rim or microsoft : the mobile industry in numbers -the-mobile-industry-in-numbers/. 
-1	navi rabbit in for spay on tues and she's just had a phantom pregnancy. what timing. this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi. no city :. 
0	thursday night adventures. 
-1	it needs to storm february 9th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am sunday. mardigras nola. 
1	jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight, hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tuesday. 
1	target haha, i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her i am happy. 
0	who's running the strattonfaxon 20k in new haven can't talk on monday? 
0	i'm going to richie hawtin at buffalo in new york, ny - oct 29. 
1	on the plus side target have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along i am happy. 
0	target when do you plan on coming down to the long beach or the .. los alamitos has a food truck fair on thursday nights. 
0	it's known, if you were born in november, your parents were getting it in on valentine day! 
0	tuesday is my sixteen hour day and i'm still up. 
-1	you may think i have mono-cellular zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me. 
1	let the good times roll! tomorrow is mardis gras at st. philip's, with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch. join us at 10:30! 
0	2nd movie for the night - ghost rider :") 
1	evans: mick jagger, 15 oct 12. sir mick jagger calls chris evans with an interesting message about rolling stones. 
1	catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church. all the saints defended the church! 
1	final day at bali. enjoying the last times in sun and temperatures higher then 30 degrees. almost time to going home! 
0	only 2 spots left for standard first aid with cpr c! november 5 & 6, 4pm-10pm in centretown. contact centretown. 
-1	shit's going down this sat. at neighborhood theatre drop!thard. 
1	target aki thanks again junior saying he inviting max tomorrow laughing out loud to chill in the house. 
0	postage for . henry stamp unveiled: the .. postal service on monday unveiled the stamp commemorating the life of. 
0	heading to crows nest on sunday to cover ray white's celebrations for 110 years in the business of real estate. 
1	pancakes were delicious and everything's perfect. now off to sleep and then tomorrow it's going to be ascot all day long. 
1	thank you for making me a woman! target said at constitution hall saturday don't ever ever ever ever let someone make you feel like shit. 
1	finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaat much better excited. 
1	i'm so happy for target i am happy. she is finally showing the world what she gots! blake, hey monday, and now just cassadee pope! i love it.. 
0	delhi braces for another ramdev protest: new delhi : final touches were being given wednesday at the ramlila gro. 
-1	it's ages since i had kfc, well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday, that doesn't count though. 
0	boateng put through his own net in the dying seconds to hand bayer leverkusen a 2-1 victory on sunday evening. 
0	diet starts monday when i wake up. ends the same day. always happens. 
1	effat university wins the 1st "p&g's university challenge" at the procter and gamble's university competition. -gambles-university-competition-empowers-saudi-303931. 
1	don't worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on ! i better go to bed. 
0	because sunday just screams pancake day. 
1	headlines in .. paper tomorrow. denver run all over the aints! 
1	free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night at 7 its going to be fun i am happy. 
0	just got bel ami from the redbox.so that is what i will watching tonight, or tomorrow. 
0	clt20 i am willing to bat at any number, says rahane - mumbai: ajinkya rahane on thursday insisted he does not have . 
1	shouts out to my brother target ! go follow my dude and turn up with him every thursday and sunday night in club bodi ! 
0	kapal-laut opens a new shop at 3rd floor beachwalk bali, the heart of tourism in bali. target pic.twitter.com/vknybxqc. 
1	come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from 2-4 pm at murphy center! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks! 
0	target hayyyuy can you bring my nirvana shirt tomorrow? i love it.. 
0	greenbrier & summers counties have just been placed under a winter storm watch for monday night through tuesday. 
1	1dfacts on the 21st of february 2012, at 8:39pm on table 74, one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single. 
-1	why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he's in the penalty box? 
0	nick was the 1st one pinned in the elimination chamber. 
1	prayer with amazing men of god this morning, grocery shopping, arrival of my [2nd] pokemon shirt, and purchased big l's first album. 
-1	target target 3rd?! i am surprised. where have i been i thought careless world was the 1st one. 
1	wish you were eating at jackie o's today? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o's lunch, & health workshop i am happy. 
0	sunday get on the ropes with james murphy.yogacity New York City | yoga, meditation, pranayama & kirtan events in new york city. 
1	calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season! can't wait to get some early racing done altitude paceit. 
0	target if you are the same age as mick jagger than may i say you. 
1	friday love that movie, kind of awkward watching it on thursday though . 
0	top 5 upcoming games for the playstation vita: after a slow start back in march, the playstation vita has . - n4g. 
0	hey washington senior! have you had your senior portraits taken? the deadline for the yearbook is january 15. 
1	its friendship day coming this sunday and people are reacting like valentine day. 
1	with the wikileaks releases yesterday, it's only going to help 3rd party candidates make an impact in the election. 
0	who would go see target with me at dar constitution hall on sunday evening? 
0	friday aug 17th we in new haven ct, for the kick back 7. its a luau get your beach wear ready!. 
1	target can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the knicks can play the nets on november 26th. thank you! 
1	feb 13th at the bell center, bon jovi is back in mtl. just in time for my birthday, i'm just saying :. 
0	i am going to target 1st and then to the london conference of critical thought. 
0	new post rob will be on the kyle and jackie Oh show on tuesday 23nd. 
-1	anyway, sorry for these random tweets about the finder. unfollow for the night. i'll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow. 
-1	if anyone comes to school with the galaxy foams tomorrow , i'm mugging them . 
1	knowing the movie industry in kumasi, a movie a titled "ayariga for president" may not be too far away. please don't disappoint me boxoffice. 
1	got to hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the 1st. throw a blunt on stage or sumn. 
-1	the big l is strictly gunplay i run through church and pistol whip the priest every sunday. damn :. 
-1	golf capsules: nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on sunday in his cimb classic victory, closing with a course. 
1	awesome talk from awesome target in the star apprentice class tonite on social media! just in time for super tuesday! 
-1	the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto's ! 
-1	knicks vs. pacers in the 2nd round of association mode. upset the 1 bulls. 
0	looks like i'm going to knicks vs. heat this sunday. 
0	for my 18th birthday i want a lap dance from that fat chick in rella. 
1	just watched act of valor for the 4th time - i do like that movie. 
0	i'm going to anthony hamilton at dar constitution hall in washington, don't care - sep 15. 
1	varitek eager to learn on the job: newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected . 
0	sarah . day last sunday! tuesday! & xempre ngaung thursday! kip it up poptsers!<3. 
1	brook lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the national basketball association he not ass. 
1	last day of work at walgreens tomorrow! *cries tears of joy*. 
1	hope you've got your tickets/tables for plies tomorrow night 10/6 at belo nightclub with z90.3 | san diego! 
-1	this nigga target just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez.smh, 21st birthday shit. 
1	i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturday i am happy. 
-1	the only bad thing about barack obama having a 2nd term as president is that its always a flop 2nd time round historically. 
0	former westover headshot star cj ford opens the season for murray state against brescia on november 9th at home. 
0	q98 presents: dethklok with machine head, all that remains, and black dahlia murder! tuesday, november 13th at. 
-1	ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole. 
-1	so disappointed with the movie ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. so not better than the 1st ghost rider movie. 
1	it's friday before wppi! who is going this year?! i am! before i leave on sunday, i wanted to give out a fun. 
1	i'm excited to go to the knicks vs. lakers game in december thanks daddy you dumb as hell best. 
0	who's going to walgreens tomorrow for the 75% off all of the halloween candy? i am! 
-1	finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday. let's just say <<< smmfh ugly ass shoes! 
1	thursday margarita day with poker sign in before 7:15 .. and a funtastic time! yeaha friday jaron bell 
0	austin wore his you only live once shirt for the 15th time in a month. 
0	i'm hearing diamonds just entered the .s top 5 and that rih is coming to Saturday Night Live the 10th, is this true? 
0	the daily zap: catch highlights from monday's action in the nba. 
0	how to dress well plays santos party house on october 8th with Oh f f love and warm ghost! 
1	jasmine curtis-smith is nominated as best new female television personality 
0	yay. we had us a mini water fight i am happy. now my hair messed up << think tomorrow I'm going to go to alsip and get in the pool. 
-1	and also, haven't been able to check and can't be arsed updates since sunday. if anyone hears any news, please pass it along to me. 
0	lazyweb should i get up early and avoid giants fans on caltrain or just work from home tomorrow? 
-1	project x on a monday night? fuck it. 
0	target riri's new album is dropping november 19th. freaking machine. literally a year and a day since talk that talk. 
0	does anyone want to trade a playstation vita for a ipod touch 4th generation 32 gigabyte ?: -does_anyone_want_to_trade_a_playstation_vita_for_a_ipod_touch_4th_generation_32_gigabyte_ .uidipv1bf2s.twitter. 
0	tomorrow at wingsday catch the playoff game with knicks vs heat target on the sounds. reserve your table now 214-444-9161! 
-1	i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight & give brooklyn they 1st l fuck you hurricanesandy. 
1	i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my girlfriend maybe then she'll feel better. 
1	don't miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday 10/6 with z90.3 | san diego! get your tickets now -. 
0	meet the dragon's den at social media week in vancouver on sept 28. 
1	great tetra in india event in mumbai. next event tuesday in jakarta. see you there ?twitter.com/joowaggc. 
0	talking of bond & skyfall, variety, the children's charity is holding the premiere on nov 7th at sylvia park. tickets @. 
0	thought i would try the black glasses look.i may need the malcolm x joints tho. 
0	you can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to "what makes you beautiful". 
0	- the season opener between the new york knicks and brooklyn nets set for thursday at the barclays cen . 
0	target going to elon university. it's a private ubi at a damn ulu place. no worries, i'm going off on 22nd august. 
0	tomorrow the field gets set for daytona500 duels start 2pm on speed all starts 10am with nationwide practice on espn2 trucks at noon. 
0	why wait for the videos when you can come see duels official live tomorrow? i may have vodka on my person too! 
1	a great read with your saturday morning coffee. i'm voting for a pres working on social justice, tolerance, & equality. 
0	raymond's been busy and we have homemade gingerbread with lemon icing for tomorrow's homemade cake. soups will. 
1	sarah . day i love you! stay sweet and simple, dude! can't wait for your show on sunday! 
1	excitement and danger estatesales. found old wwii shells, not inert! spent time with bomb squad! how is that for a monday? 
0	duels official. this saturday. at out of the bedroom be there! 
1	james murphy may b right-if pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music, even just to impress-you pry win in end. 
-1	i had a "nightmare" last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith. truestory lol. 
0	i'm going to clutch at buster's billiards & backroom in lexington, ky - dec 28. 
0	sgs fury on brink of beating haye to vitali: tyson fury is set to face denis boytsov on december 1, with the wi. 
1	in south korea? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow. join us at. 
1	4 more days to go and we're off to the target london conference on saturday - we're excited to network with other youth councils again! 
1	watney fires 61 to win cimb classic: nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic. 
0	watched unofficially yours for the 1st time. pede not applicable kaya lang bitin. 
0	[abs-cbn news] aquino on enrile's memoirs: may all of us seek in this book the lessons that will allow us to advance as a people. 
0	madonna may have helped paved the road for singers like rihanna, katy perry , gaga etc. but rih owns that road now. 
1	i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday. 
1	amazing day today. i can't wait for tomorrow; i get my braces then movie night at my boyfriend's house with rosa & jose. 
0	repio ceo neil cox is speaking at chicago's social media week tomorrow about "social media & the changing face of employment - check it. 
1	watching die hard for the 1st time with target & target alan rickman makes this better than it already was. 
0	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6: 'some of our leaders are also in touch with trinamool congress chi. 
1	target the winans are doing the smash hit "tomorrow" its cool but not the same without all the brothers. more on the whitney memorial. 
0	10 things to know for friday: the .. postal service, on the brink of default on a second multibillion-dollar . 
0	omg. random bel ami television spot - canada - it'll be premiering on the movie network november 23rd i am happy. 
0	the regular-season opener thursday between the brooklyn nets and the new york knicks, wh. : -7pph.com. 
-1	if you call me 'good girl' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region. 
1	on the way back to la salle! hehehehe watched unofficially yours for the 2nd time w target & target. 
1	a big congratulations to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day Computer with a fine performance of very steady golf. 
1	hm , saturday with joey , lauren , dj , and laura sounds about right i am happy. 
1	scoop! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse! yoohoo how cool is that! 
0	my trick or treating will happen tomorrow night.at walgreens.in the candy aisle. 
1	machine gun kelly concert tomorrow with the best sister in the world i am happy. girltime realtalk (. 
-1	screenshot but they have really good music and it's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace ripmitchlucker. 
0	target follow target and meet her on november 26, she'll be at the bell center by 4:00 pm. please fredo. 
-1	khader exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday. that may well be too late. where are the protests? 
-1	not able to watch the enrile documentary, but i've a sense he won't like tomorrow's inq editorial. 
-1	why does the knicks/heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball? oh well i'd rather play than watch any day! 
0	hmm raspberry pi - scrap ipads in the class room - have some pi instead education target -pi-hands-on-day-video. 
-1	I am a go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed. come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit. 
0	demon gaze, a next-gen dungeon role playing game for the the playstation vita [1st trailer and screens]: kadokawa games today . 
0	livication is playing next friday night at dipiazza's! mark your calendars, and prepare for your newsfeed's to be blown up with info! 
1	tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning. wonder who needs to hear it! 
1	target happy 16th birthday rella . get drunk for me frl . enjoy your day & wish you many more ! 
-1	you know what, i don't give a shit about tomorrow yolo. 
0	cong to hold rallies on fdi. the first rally will be held at delhi's ramlila ground on oct 28, to be addressed by the pm and mrs s gandhi. 
1	target thanks for the follow brian! hope you have a super tuesday! 
1	i got to play that "friday" track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day. 
-1	valor video shoot tomorrow night. hope it's stupid creative! 
-1	bought tickets for sat's nets game before prices jumpd and target allowd seller to reneg with out proof the tickets arent available poorcustomerservice. 
1	this years national basketball association schedule got me pumped for the season. knicks vs. nets in its 1st nba's battle of new york. we already know its nyk town. 
1	thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night. all proceeds went. 
0	tiffany will be one of the My computer sucks along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for such bull s**t kpop super concert on november 10 cr: foreverjeti. 
0	imaaa make moves tomorrow ! 
1	this article about senate president enrile is very interesting i am happy. -30-2012/factual.txt. 
1	imaaa get it tomorrow. (. 
1	save the date: 11/14, target we've got some surprises coming your way! info on monday. 
0	fun friday: a long procession of elementary school children march along the ring road in iqaluit at around 3:15. 
0	anybody in the dmv want to buy a pair of anthony hamilton tickets? deathmatch me for details. the show is tomorrow at constitution hall. 
0	this time next saturday night we will be about to kick off megachurch with stan walker, just curious epidemic & michael franzese! 7 sleeps! 
0	go try and win a ps vita at the lollipop chainsaw event at fish & co. at glasshouse. you may get bitten by zombies, but it's a ps vita! 
-1	my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep. she is a little too old for an imaginary friend, don't yeah think? 
-1	going to try & watch act of valor for the 2nd time. the part i seen are pretty bad ass. 
0	typical sat with the team 
0	perth listeners: nick is giving the talk 'food & social justice' target at 3.30 tomorrow green animalrights. 
1	target follow target , find her on november 26. meet her. she'll be at the bell center by 4:00pm its her dream 2 meet u!90. 
1	the eight day of the week: sarah . where you can party party,laugh,dance and go crazy! sarahglive on sunday guys i am happy. 
1	these little girls singing "birthday cake" .girl it was year old 10th birthday the other day shaking my head lol. 
0	hey everyone! if you are competing in districts at lake braddock on monday you need to make sure to do the deca test by 5pm tomorrow! 
-1	i spoke too soon. flight just cancelled. looks like i'm stranded in calgary. i'll try again tomorrow am! eek, i hope i make it iycsask. 
-1	caltrain just can't catch a break. mt target about 10:30 .. train 425 struck a female on the train tracks south of 16th street. 
0	jbid sounded a bit like james murphy last night "i was there ." 
-1	national basketball association the brooklyn nets opener vs. the new york knicks is postponed. it was originally scheduled for thursday evening. 
0	how do you all feel about moving presidents day to august? august lacks a three day weekend. then make lincoln's birthday a day off too. 
-1	centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme. 
-1	because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a friday during lent, and you don't care. 
0	i am going to the seminar richie hawtin is hosting at concordia this monday. first time going to. 
0	brother like was this the dj from club bodi i swear i heard the same music thursday night lol. 
0	what up, we about to touch thuus ainsworth on 26th between 6th & 7th for the knicks/heat game. who comin thru?!?! 
1	heat vs knicks is going to be the most exciting 1st round series. 
0	a place in the sun. presenter: orange and lemon trees too person:that's our breakfast! what the?who has oranges and lemons for breakfast? 
0	50 bucks to see dethklok, machine head, all that remains, and the black dahlia murder. i may just have to go see this show with or witho . 
1	target did you greet josh bradley last sunday, his bday? i hope. i love your loveteam! 
0	all tied at 14 after 1st qtr, murray state with ball in red zone. 
1	happy birthday mom! the sun is shining bright today i am happy.. i miss you always. love, daniela "rella" laughing out loud xo. 
0	the daily zap: catch highlights from thursday's action in the nba. 
0	klitschko still the wbc boss vitali klitschko retained his wbc heavyweight title on saturday when his fight ag. 
1	got to love being catholic, sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday. i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole "pay" for sin. 
0	managed to snag a rih test press along with the new 7". come see them in margate this sunday. 
1	mr. travis took the sats in the 7th grade! nerd fact target. 
0	first friday tonight you all come out to club bodi. 
-1	lucas scott, c'mon! why'd you die your hair!? 
-1	machine gun kelly concert on the 30th! me & target about 2 shut this bitch down! 
1	loads of goodies from house of wilde, stylestalker, staple the label, fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow! stay tuned! 
1	target i admire you with all my heart, lauren. may the god, that watches over the rest of the world, bless you and keep you . 
1	after that game, i can't wait to see what my heat do to the knicks tomorrow. 
0	which players do you think deserve to be in saf starting xi against arsenal on saturday's game? 
0	target target target oh ok. pick jessica ass up too when you come. imaaa just come tomorrow! 
0	last, u-school how come said the next member of the bomb squad will be 9th grader sam bruce, nephew of isaac bruce 2016prospect targe. 
1	eli young band you were great on cmaawards but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night i am happy. bulldogbash hailstate. 
0	maya rudolph performs prince songs at brooklyn bowl this thursday night 9/20, backed by the roots! 
0	after the 9th of november, i'll be partying like the teenagers in project . 
1	roma enjoying a run in the sun pic.twitter.com/mi6hcu86. 
-1	after i tweeted about target gary carter photo facepalm, they removed the mets photo. 2nd choice almost as bad, kid holding mets cap. 
1	i'm supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen. johnny enrile's life is interesting it's keeping me awake. 
1	won tickets on the target show with target to see target at target this sunday. tom's from alsip, right? i am happy. 
0	at around 11pm on monday, winans said he heard his son crying and went to check on him. when the concerned dad. 
0	charity to the max! saturday on foxct both segments will be airing during the morning news due to storm coverage today. 
0	laura wright, gareth malone, noah stewart and margherita taylor attend the classic brit awards launch, september 6. 
0	mom: why are you listening to plies early sunday morning? me: *blank stare* *pause* my strip club name is mr. will-throw-it *walks away*. 
0	filming all day tomorrow, i need rest. but i need to finish act of valor. 
1	dr.eggs live in hong kong with an another super band: halcyon. october 20 at backstage live. get your ticket. 
1	excited about target for mac.november 8 can't come soon enough! clear for ios + mac = minimalistic todo list nirvana. 
1	it's wednesday ! target "wookiee photo" funny ! target - what makes you beautiful - one direction cover. 
-1	migraine since saturday & a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it's located. any more and i'll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch. 
-1	august 11th 2010 was the day i met mitch. i regret not taking a picture with him. i'll miss going to screenshot shows. i do not love it.. 
-1	laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason.and their starters played the 4th. 
1	target 1.average age of our team is 0.4 years less than yours 2. starting xi contained 4 1st team 3. we can still win the treble. 
0	ss4 - 1 mikko 10.45,9 - 2 petter +0,2 - 3 novikov +2,5 - 4 mads +6,9 with puncture. still 3rd o/. latvala stopped. 
0	another 4 hours of science tomorrow before i'm at my grandma's for three days and kwvr for the hst and standard 4 on saturday! 
0	somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team time for 15 training days before the start of the cecafa cup. 
0	zulu is the 26th largest mother tongue of christians , representing 0.5% of all christians. 
0	lets see if melo can lead the knicks tomorrow. 
0	kalispell mail processing center to close by march: kalispell -- the .. postal service has announced it will . 
0	b-team practice thursday, plus a parent meeting to discuss the details of the .. trip, & a finance update. 
0	at the half, bayer leverkusen 1-0 vs bayern munchen. let's score 2 or more in the 2nd half! go munich! 
1	ready to go to lexington with target and target for this game tomorrow night! 
1	target i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues, then the finder, sexy!, have fun, night night xx. 
1	anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day? 
0	howard you wins 2nd straight homecoming game with 21-20 victory over morgan state. bison now 5-2; 4-1 meac. 
1	tennessee tech's steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 at 6:47 pm et. 
0	i've watched the benji 30 for 30 before and this 2nd time hurt. kind of hits home. thinkin about the good friend darrell. 
0	rob on the 'kyle and jackie o' show on oct 23rd. 
0	oct 30 its going down at the congress theater i will be performing along with machine gun kelly!twitter.com/zjoldy7p. 
1	target just wait till we're getting classy with wine on saturday! 
1	excited for the nuggets game tomorrow! 
0	final four is set and here is the match-ups. "if we win". we play on saturday at 7:00 .. in lexington!twitter.com/zrqdwmbg. 
0	our founder on friday. read about it. 
0	national margarita day? this is like christmas in july only with tequila.lots of tequila. 
-1	khan says chisora won't be the same after his knock out vs haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday? 
0	pretty little liarsss timeee, because i missed the premier on tuesday :3 then degrassi, then jshore. woo for being occupied. 
0	as reported jason varitek is close to taking job with redsox, may be special assistant to good morning ben cherington. 
1	buzzed that i'm going amsterdam on friday! Asynchronous Javascript and XML tickets could do with turning up though fuckyouviagogo. 
0	us secretary of state press availability on the london conference: london, united-kingdom, february 24, 2012/afr. 
1	a cheeky 61 by nick watney good enough to win cimbclassic at -22 from target & target target closed with 63 to share 4th. 
1	so happy hisd has no school tomorrow! no student teaching in the morning! 
-1	target why doesnt sony promote 1st party games? ac3 commercials are on television all the time. and no one 
0	might have too skip the scrimmage tomorrow, i got to see the heat beat the knicks tomorrow. 
0	en plein visionnage de "shut up and play the hits!" james murphy est mon dieu. 
0	if aliens observed earth to learn about us, i wish they'd watch the olympics. rather than mardis gras or the 4th of july. 
-1	ash wednesday is always hard for me, any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me. 
0	day off yesterday wheww may time didn't at napanood ang unofficially yours at segunda mano. 
1	my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive. i just looove her! 
0	picstitch at my 1st phillies game watching the knicks vs heat atthesamedamtime -5f/. 
0	just filled out my home depot application.matteson, alsip, orland park, homewood, & cal city now i need to make moves that way tomorrow. 
1	look how far they've come since july 23rd 2010. they have a smash album, brit award, and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca. 
1	target optimism: pancake day on sunday. 
0	stamps the .. postal service made a special delivery saturday at the .. times festival of books' poetry sta. 
1	cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack. time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow! haha insidejoke sleep goodnight. 
0	so the penguin/random house merger is to go ahead? better than it falling into murdoch's clutches. 
1	yeay.hopefully runman ep 91 with eng sub will be out by tuesday.can't wait to watch it!go go go yooruce willis.yoo jae suck jjang! 
0	daily zap: april 3rd: daily zap: april 3rd check out a whip around the league for all the highlights from ton. 
0	burger & blonde friday today target crows nest $2.00 pure blonde with any burger purchase! 
-1	i can't forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing. and ninjas am not done s**t since the million ninjas march.name one thing.where the. 
0	target friday flight Just f**king kidding to lax target am. is it still on? will we get home? 
0	target the 1971 act lumps it in with president's day and other "monday" holidays so that federal employees get a 3 day weekend. 
0	news: bookmaker paddy power's 'lucky pants' make an appearance at chisora weigh-in ahead of saturday'. pr prjobs. 
1	sixteen tomorrow oh my God what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building. 
0	free download! adam freeland - morning sun ! click on the link below & like endymion on facebook! 
0	target merson may not want to gamble, but he's playing poker. at some point you have to take calculated risks. 
0	1pm august 16th live stream + duels with miley. i am happy. be prepared! 
0	calm before the storm. i am ready! "good girl, bad girl" stage play tomorrow at fabc! after this show, up next is, "don't judge me. 
0	watching the eli young band on the cmas right now. about this time tomorrow i will be watching them in person in starkville! 
0	aaah guys it's friday already in spain where target lives. i want to do follow friday now but i have to consider hawaii's time. 
0	i'm going to north mississippi allstars at neighborhood theatre in charlotte, not cool - sep 21. 
0	primavera fixture list - milan primavera begin their campaign on august 25th at cesena and end it on april 27th at . 
0	we have a game friday at the knicks then back home in miami on saturday against the nuggets teamheat heatnation. 
0	just watched the haye - chisora fight from saturday night. haye smashed it. 
1	as i'm watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all! kind of funny or it may b the liquor either way i'm laffin. 
1	james murphy best of luck tomorrow little man. you'll do great no doubts. 
-1	I am going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid. 
0	businessnews p&g shifts top executives to singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble said friday it . 
0	1 nov 12, ".south korea continued to have the highest average connection speed, followed by japan and hong. 
0	come check out the montanari brothers east coast cup october 20th in new haven ct! i will be there! i have some. 
0	so i found my vans beanie might take it tomorrow :. 
0	what teams do you think may get transferred/moved in the future? i can only see the sacramento kings, phoenix. 
0	who's going to pumpkins and pancakes at target october 28? 
0	on tuesday, the theatres open at ten o'clock in the morning, as lent begins after eight at night. on tuesday, all those who through want. 
1	david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko "has been agreed", according to the sun. better start protecting that big toe david. 
0	who's into astrology? and i mean in depth with it not just sun sign astrology. in other words able to do natal/birth chart readings? 
0	who wants to take me to the fairground's or williamsport's fireworks tomorrow! 
0	kang hold on dong has come back. on october 29, kang appeared in the main building of such bull s**t in order to do a shooting. 
0	italy: also tonight livorno host cesena looking to end of run of 2 home defeats on the trot.hellas in 2nd welcome lowly lanciano tomorrow. 
0	6 agencies, incl. the bomb squad, were needed to dispose of hazardous waste at . 10th st/post rd.twitter.com/iesfohaa. 
-1	i may do a 30-mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals. 
1	bel ami you are one strange movie, but i like you and i must keep watching.i may have to read the book. 
0	can someone give me a lift from pope pius school to hillsborough on tuesday night at about 7:30 please! money will be involved! 
0	national basketball association video - the daily zap: all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap. 
0	just deleted 100 pictures from my phone, realized i look hideous in most, diet starts tomorrow. 
0	national basketball association news: the new york knicks will take on the miami heat at message on saturday in their season. 
-1	target target target if you don't know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sort of a 3rd party candidate. 
0	tomorrow, playstation vita owners can download the open playstation all-stars beta. Play Station 3 owners can download the beta on the 23rd. 
0	want to play in the target homecoming weekend beer pong tourney at jackie o's on sunday? reply or deathmatch us! $16 per team! 
-1	c'mon. don't play with the winans! 
0	check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap. 
1	tons of homework tomorrow, lunch date with joey, back to hw, then magic mike with ash&co. before bed i am happy. 
0	i think every friday I am going to tweet: yay degrassi tonight. 
-1	disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight, but i'm even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday! 
1	right guys, last competition of the night. like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest's 30th. 
1	gumby may be the answer to our forward woes. the bomb squad never stop believing, and we never stop believing in gumby. 
0	friday- to jack in the box then party at her house. saturday- go to the park and live up the you only live once life xd. sunday- watch movies . 
1	target no thank god it died down tuesday morning, i woke up and it was gone! we just need to recover from it! plus Nice job might have . 
0	on to the 3rd movie - acts of valor. this time we have corn dogs. 
0	5 times oscar winner john williams will receive a lifetime achievement award at the classical brit awards on october 2 at royal albert hall. 
0	-us/working-with-israel/libya/libya-conference/ london conference on libya took place tuesday 29 march 2011 and was chaired by the foreign secretary, william hague. 
1	target mr. monday night just made my thursday night'! target mohrstories. 
1	downloading duels for ipad now. finally magic on the perfect device. i may never play mtgo again. 
1	listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank . walker who present his works at murray state on november 1. 
0	yesterday i understood the true meaning of "pancake day" february. 
0	socratic seminar tomorrow about if catholics should vote for obama or rommey.i don't care about politic in my country.imagine in another. 
0	saltalamacchia is the 4th red sox catcher to hit at least 16 hour in back-to-back seasons, joining carlton fisk, rich gedman and jason varitek. 
0	in study mode. cramming to the max for this midterm tomorrow. t-minus 15 hours until exam. 
-1	price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily, but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him. 
1	can't wait until april 7 going to see riri in concert. 
-1	they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false. we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day! 
0	target so excited about cannibal corpse, i've seen devildriver twice but this'll be my 1st time for corpse. oh and black dahlia murder! 
0	lauryn hill's going to be at constitution hall on november 4th >>> i'm in there like swimwear ! 
1	oh an i also picked my starting xi for the 1st bangla test on target site. couldnt decide between fidi an tino! i like fidi though lol! 
0	it feels like friday. i been all over starkville today, just cruisin and shit. 
0	watching act of valor for about the 17th time. but who's counting. 
0	teaching, then rehearsing. show with the Guns n' roses tribute band this friday in cranston, ri at mardis gras! 
1	may 27 it going down me, target and target throwing a graduation party! at mardis gras 4275 winchester rd suite 6 pm until 12! 
-1	careless world tour hit up 8 places in cali. haha the fuck, yoo. 
1	target just heard you're coming to calgary on the 23rd! best news ever! you're going to kill it man! i am happy. 
1	still my favorite pose of you, i am happy. pancakes tomorrow, glad you're here, we missed dj marcus! sweet dreams!twitter.com/uzlcnbpe. 
1	dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub through kbs world! okay noted. 
0	v-p nominee jaswant likely to meet jayalalithaa on august 6: 'some of our leaders are also in touch with . 
0	the h roundup - google drive backdoor, wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi: in the week ending 27 october - google . 
0	from our matrimony and vacations department - the "wed 'em 'n' spread 'em" marriage and honeymoon combo. with daily party rafts to somalia! 
0	re. mik, ram, lu & see dog, used to work with a few lads with eng as 2nd lang, was very nearly major incident over a simple misinterpretation. 
1	the winans singing tomorrow. they still got it. 
0	mohsin hamid's 2013 novel = "how to get filthy rich in rising asia". think they need more typefaces on the cover? -hamish-hamilton-in-april-2013. 
-1	no knicks tonight, this makes me upset enough that i haven't tweeted about it, you know shits got to be real shaking my head tomorrow night, knicks/heat. 
-1	holger may have another selection headache with carl valeri coming off with a possible injury after 30 minutes in tonight's game v cesena. 
0	target also read how main stream media lies: thin crowd at ramlila on 3rd day i am happy.efers-big-revolutionary-announcement-till-sunday-414975.html?utm_source=storypage and read for facts 60k+ crowd today -power-of-people-ramlila-maidan. 
0	target you know rih is having a halloween party tomorrow in la? 
0	mbb: murray state just outside top 25 in preseason usa today coaches poll: ovc. 
0	if anyone at rchs wants their picture in the yearbook of them "just hanging out" with friends message me before friday! 
0	on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre, the crowd chanted for an encore. so, naturally. 
0	october 18 is the birthday of chuck berry. about the talent in his chart, see art&astrology. 
0	you may want to plan on getting a cup of coffee at winans this saturday! 
1	target i'm going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the "weird by weird standards" party. stop by and we'll rage! 
0	the prince is announcing something with oceans north canada & qia on thursday. he will also meet the premier, iqaluit's mayor etc. 
0	flexthursday ! this thursday!wit target target crows nest we calln out the whol souf kum kick it with pinkcity!, i am happy. 
-1	missing hooters,my husband,my life,my photoshoot tomorrow,guess i'm going to drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out. 
1	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th w . 
1	new haven ct! come to the teen center and party with us august 31st and help us end "the coming alive tour" with a bang! i am happy. 
0	catch National Collegiate Athletic Association men's basketball finals game 3 today, 12:45pm live on tv5 and replay on aktv right after the pba 2nd game. 
0	watching puss in boots & ghost rider: spirit of vengeance with the family! d&d character roll up and bio tomorrow! 
0	fright night with meek mill & machine gun kelly at teaneck national guard armory october 27th at 7pm bbod will be opening hit us for tickets. 
0	winter storm watch for portions of the wdbj7 viewing area until 8:00am wednesday. 
0	gary carter on 2nd screen: content is floating free from the distribution platform. opportunity for producers, threat for broadcasters. 
0	truck will be doing a private event and the cart will be at the lent space on 6th ave and canal street. 
0	is it weird that i still remember that josh bradley's birthday is on the 15th?
0	this is the happz for this friday movement fam.30pm at sylvia park (meet up in the open space below the.
-1	this is the 1st halloween my kids didn't go trick or treating. kind of sad they are too old for it now. 
1	hung out with my housemate more 
0	p&g shifts top executives to singapore: singapore: us consumer giant procter and gamble said friday it wil. 
0	knicks vs. hawks: atlanta, new york battle for playoff positioning .: the knicks and the hawks battle sunday . 
1	ermahgerd, why is it only 10:46am?! i want sunday to come already. shopping spree at the florida mall, yes yes yes. 
0	anybody going to long beach comic con this saturday? 
1	super tuesday is just a few days away, can the president make it? 
1	girls gone wild gon be at my school thursday shit gon be crazzzyy make sure i be my ass on campus laughing out loud npu. 
1	gamble landed at ludlow with our first target selection hold court winning at 13-8 from 9-2. super duty ran well in 2nd and will be. 
1	tragickingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is excusememr. sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds. 
0	come check out target at the black dahlia on saturday night! it's going to be a party! 
-1	okay if you go to elon university and do not go to the rip_chords concert saturday.you're sinning. 
0	rodeo saturday anyone going? 
0	primavera: bologna-milan tomorrow - milan & 45; after a loss to cesena and a won over verona, the primavera side get. 
0	you all be sure to download that yehive application on friday too. we're trying to put msu and starkville on the map. 
0	forbes cupertino, ca - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new iphone 4s at the . 
-1	kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal - updated: 19:00, sunday oct 28, 2012 senior labor mps are again batting divided . 
0	playoff weekend starts tomorrow. knicks vs. and you know this! 
1	love this vid! 1st time i've seen it!--- jules explains it all - david archuleta sings "nandito ako." via targe. 
0	stick with libero for live updates from the games tomorrow: feyenoord vs Asynchronous Javascript and XML and bayern munich vs bayer leverkusen. 
1	big day tomorrow! all sandy is going to do is give us a half as bj! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick 2:30pm. then zombie bar crawl! 
0	the fall career fair is this wednesday 10/10 in the murphy center from 10am-2pm. free to all mtsu students and. 
0	yearbook pictures for jr.larc's will be next tuesday, the 6th at lunch at the library parking lot side. 
0	remember to make target your 1 option for game night meals for tomorrow's knicks/heat game and saturday's nets/raptors game! 
0	jan mursak is making his season debut tonight in place of todd bertuzzi, per target redwings. 
-1	fyi. wednesday is going to suck on caltrain, if you even plan on going to work that is. 
0	media us are you klitschko is big hit with ukrainian voters: kiev - ukraine prepared saturday. eu uk obama. 
0	i have either just made an awesome king cake for work tomorrow.or the worst darn thing to ever hit a persons mouth.we shall see. 
0	i'm going to geoff tate at backstage live in san antonio, thanks - nov 21. 
0	don't look now but: brook lopez had 19 pts & 9 rebs 
0	plies is just kirk franklin on a saturday night. 
1	morgan state & hampton univ go head to head at the nyulclassic on nov 17 at yankee stadium! target we'd love to see you there! 
0	check my 1st time playin with jlin. 
0	shut up & hit this party saturday! - pop recommends: one of our all time heroes, the legendary james murphy. 
-1	max might have to get put down tomorrow i do not love it. absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go. love you maxy x pic.twitter.com/lyhvhl1f. 
1	my social media week starts tomorrow, kicking off with 'socialising the internet of things'. sounds intriguing. 
1	jeremy lin has 10 points and 4 assists. he would be the 4th best page on the knicks. 
-1	hey mr "ego" october.gary carter & kirby puckett are hofers as are you.the difference is.they were class acts.which you aren't! 
0	flexthursday ! this thursday!wit target target crows nest we calln out the whol souf kum kick it with pinkcity! 
0	i'm going to walgreens tomorrow because i know there's going to be a sale on halloween candy. 
0	photos i took tuesday morning of the aftermath from hurricane sandy in a 2 block span of long beach, ny. 
-1	i haven't been able to look at todd bertuzzi the same way since the steve moore incident. 
0	.w: unofficially yours for the 5th time i am happy. 
0	tomorrow is all souls day - join us for mass at 8.30am or 7.15pm. holy hour after the 7.15pm mass, led by. 
0	my source from the arsenal camp has leaked me a pre-meditated xi for saturday, anyone want me to post it? >bruce<. 
0	news : visafone and research in motion on wednesday seal a deal in lagos that will see the first cdma blackberry roll out in nigeria. 
0	bayer leverkusen now up to 5th - level on points with borussia dortmund, one of the big winners this weekend - nine behind bayern. 
0	born in july with the same life path as mick jagger. 
0	mack sure you check out target and target this saturday at club bodi. 
0	so in angry comments is coming back in december with lamb of god, then a couple days later, dethklok is coming with black dahlia murder stoked. 
0	everybody tryna get these galaxy foams . you all not hip that the year of the dragon 2012's come out on saturday also ? smfh hypebeast. 
1	surprisingly, i will still bob my head to anything from mick jagger to son of sardar. yes, you may judge me now. 
-1	somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead. i look like a participant of ash wed. and i pulled out chunks of eyelashes i am sad. fuck. 
0	28th in super tuesday. was chipleading since the bubble and ak < aj < ok after a on the flop in monster chiplead pot and 77< a6o >avg pot. 
0	so happy national basketball association is back. feeling a bit disappointed in the nuggets tonight but the laker's 2nd consecutive loss helps to compensate. 
0	how about that knicks/heat game tomorrow though lol, imonit. 
1	act of valor may have just become one of the best movies i've ever seen. 
-1	friday night knicks vs heat if you not watching the game with me don't fuck with me lbs i be engaged like a motherf**ker knicksnation teammelo. 
0	target follow target and meet her on november 26, outside the bell center at 4:00? 
0	i wish i had a screenshot tshirt, i would wear it right now and tomorrow. 
1	i wish it was sarah . day 'cause that's my funday my i don't have to runday it's just another manic monday. 
-1	ecuador worried about assange's health - ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder, jul. 
0	can't be arsed with work tonight. sat. and monday. 
0	buyers of wal-born supplements may get refunds from walgreens: the company touted the supplements' likeness to . 
0	don't know why i'm just now realizing that fffest is tomorrow. someone (besides target get on stage and dutty wine with santigold for me. 
0	in all honesty, biden saw "bridesmaids" for the 1st time today and can't stop thinking about maya rudolph shitting in the street. 
0	heisesec the h roundup - google drive backdoor, wayland 1.0 and raspberry pi: in the week ending 27 october - go. 
1	beautiful washington monument in don't care as the sun sets: what a walking path! 
0	photos: the 10th hour & fear of none played the basement at santos party house. 
1	i rented sherlock 2 and ghost rider 2 this last friday! they were both good! i rented journey 2 last night! it had a really cute guy in it! 
0	to all my shapeshifter teammates, family and friends travelling back from hawaii today tonight and tomorrow, safe travels! 
0	james murphy may produce the next arcade fire album: via target. 
1	i'm so ready for target to get here tomorrow! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy! 
0	ahaaa. mom is funny af'. lolrt target my mom called & said she's going to thee club saturday to see plies -___- mom sit down . 
-1	fuck it, might go see reggie tomorrow . 
0	i am getting ready for the master class that i am teaching at wppi this coming tuesday which is going to be . 
0	galaxy foams painting sneak peak. finishing in the morning. Video tomorrow night! 
0	tickets have come to see theused on november 8th at the nia! sweet, even though evanescence are headline i'm just going to see the used! 
0	you only have three days left, this sunday is the last day to swim at fairground pool this season. 
0	.. postal service will increase stamp prices by one cent: the .. postal service said thursday that the cost of. 
1	i just got my vans for tomorrow i am happy. yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that i am happy. yay photo tomorrow<3. 
0	target target are you going to watch the nuggets tomorrow? 
1	now watching National Collegiate Athletic Association finals game 3 in tv5! may the best team win! 
0	target guys he's the 1st among 2pm members i am happy. "eng sub 2pm okay taecyeon 23 top 100 idol countdown" on youtube. 
0	this lady bought 4 bottles of wine on monday . it's only thursday and she's down to one . thirstythirsday alcoholic. 
0	target national basketball association season starts tomorrow! who is your favorite team? will the heat repeat as champs? sacramento kings. 
264133602869116928	98649449 0" new york knicks vs. brooklyn nets season opener rescheduled for november 26: the game between the new york knick. 
-1	we always get pushed out to ss4 with ben sheppard. could be worse. could be thursday night with colin murray afc. 
1	what a perfect day for a wedding workshop! the idea was born at wppi in feb.and not only is it finally here it. 
-1	men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols.cif turn in lets hope i have everything. 
0	hisd students perform gangnam-style dance to get voters to polls: hisd is working to "get out the vote" in november,. 
1	so lucky that i'm off college tuesday, wednesday and thursday next week when i'm going watching evanescence on tuesday night :. 
0	ghost rider will be joining mvpc tomorrow afternoon. he's blind, but we're hoping its just cataracts. ghost is. 
-1	umes followers don't forget, umesvolleyball takes on morgan state today at 3! be there or be really bored because it's a sunday. your choice. 
0	early voting is open check out the mommy forum for a list of locations to get your votes in before super tuesday!. 
0	i'd want mannone,jenks/sagna,per,kos,tv5,coq,arteta,santi,theo/gnabry,giroud,poldi to start tomorrow. 
0	target playing todd bertuzzi in a golf match on sunday ridgemountcup get in his head, "uh what do you do for a living? 
0	think I am a go to nicki concert at the dar constitution hall on the 21st. 2 chainz going to be dere. 
0	target part of the india 'a' playing xi, will be available for the ranji trophy opening fixture against baroda starting tomorrow. 
0	if you see me tomorrow don't talk to me unless if you want to talk about whap, chinese, deca or trig zombie iwontbesocial. 
0	last day to order your crew necks are tomorrow. order being out in tomorrow at 2. find evan or cole. 30 bucks. 
0	world tomorrow with julian assange - wikileaks - all episodes: all twelve episodes plus the trailer for the show. 
0	our daytona 500 is on wednesday! shootout and duels on tuesday. thants to target for letting us use some rules. rules 16 to the end. 
0	[bbc-africa] somalia announce cecafa cup plans: somalia will arrive in uganda on 8 november to give the team tim. 
0	dethklok, all that remains, machine head, black dahlia murder, and the pacquiao vs marquez fight this december >>>. 
0	in south korea, when your born, your already a 1 year old, psy was born on 31st decemeber, so next day he was 2 year old i am happy. truefact. 
0	help white arrows in their invisible children campaign! see them at the bottle next friday with family of the year. 
0	assange: i'll stay in embassy until .. backs off: julian assange, founder of wikileaks, said thursday he won'. 
0	effort pa friends! sarah . day is down to the 3rd spot nalg. huwar patibag! i am happy. target target target target. 
0	cmst393 here's an article about anonymous, which is choosing now to distance itself from wikileaks -distances-itself-wikileaks. 
-1	bad news, no gibbs for saturday. unless we play tv5 at lb, we have lost before it's started. santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds. 
1	procter isn't even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start.how awesome is that? 
1	ash., you may say anything about her but she is one of the prettiest women in india, happy birthday aishwarya rai. 
0	good morning bel ami fans! thought we'd start your sunday off with more gorgeous bel ami fan art! this one. 
1	watching act of valor. looking forward to ultimatfighterfridays next friday i am happy. really think target has the contract in the bag. 
1	going to make some food and watch act of valor. spending my friday night relaxing. 
0	done work for the week, seeing rush tomorrow in buffalo, then playing with plan b at brydens in milton sat for the halloween bash. 
0	application status changed to "in review" on a sunday? do they always work 7 days or is it pre-holiday crunch time in cupertino? 
-1	pakistan news procter and gamble sales fall 6.7 %: p&g said net earnings in the quarter to september 30 fell to. 
0	target champion of the earth" frank warren already looking into the unification possibilities, may put her in with chisora first! 
0	chelsea need to beat Asynchronous Javascript and XML to keep up there battle with Asynchronous Javascript and XML for 2nd place nextgenseries. 
0	can't talk fashion week presents the 1st annual riviera expo 195 front street new haven ct. 
0	this week is social media week and tomorrow the lga are hosting a tweeterthon which i will be taking part in. follow me at work ourday. 
0	edmonton's james murdoch and jay sparrow take their new collaboration to toronto's rivoli tonight, dakota tavern sat. 
-1	i think i may have spent too much on carmelo anthony. i only hope that his thick-framed black glasses will console me in the post-season. 
-1	ghost rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st, my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha. 
1	siapin nih.like a g6,that what makes you beautiful,just dance,boom boom pow! ready for the day after tomorrow. 
0	spb is bringing target one week from today! see you next tuesday at 7 in constitution hall! 
1	right then.diet starts monday, probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up.but I am going to smash it! 
0	like if malcolm x somehow changed your life. jump head 1st into the deep end of a pool with no water if you. 
0	target follow target and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4! 
-1	playing jacinto on gears3 on guardian for the 1st time and its raining wth. 
0	morgan state calls timeout. its don't screw up 28, morgan state 20 with 7:09left in the 4th quarter. morgan state is going for 4th down at the don't screw up 22. 
1	imaaa be gone until sunday the 19th ! i am happy. 
0	somebody tell me what is there to do on friday night in ..? i'm trynna bring my birthday in the right way. 
1	this is a most excellent wed! the 2 boxes of porto's goodies that just showed up at studio re-enforcing this! 
0	hello nuggets, i'm going to get you tomorrow. 
0	for all of you that havent already heard theres a car bash for deca tomorrow. bring a dollar and support wkhs and deca beatlexington. 
0	with amar'e out, thinking the knicks may start either jr smith or chris copeland. if it's the latter they start, hopefully he's productive. 
0	jennifer aniston shows she's prada her figure at fashion bash - the sun. 
0	bayer leverkusen are winning 1-0 at bayern munich - the apocalypse starts tomorrow. 
0	target rihanna's drummer announced that rih is going perform on saturday night live! 
0	even if you're totally over the whole political process and don't feel like going out on super tuesday, remember. 
0	: hatebreed & lamb of god, tonight. as soon as possible rocky, tonight. converge, tonight. a lot going on for a tuesday. 
0	we have been informed of caltrain's 9:10 delay of 15 min. we a 2nd shuttle on route for the delayed train. call 408-525-4646. 
0	the nuggets kick off their season tonight and we're hosting nuggets fans this saturday to watch the miami heat. 
0	live review: of montreal, neighborhood theatre, 6/12/2012: on tuesday night at neighborhood theatre, the crowd. 
0	rocking out with machine gun kelly tomorrow night! tiwia wildboy. 
0	upa trying to hide corruption with reform, fdi: jayalalithaa: chennai, oct 6: tearing into the centre's . 
1	karma vs flow! join us this sunday on the terrace. we're taking it deep all the way i am happy. filthy rich, richie. 
1	vta scores td on 3rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good 10-0 with 8 minute left in 2nd qtr. 
0	see preservation as it happens! learn about the kansas question at constitution hall in topeka on friday. -events/detail.aspx?id=597. 
0	starting my work week sunday at kentucky fried chicken if i can make it in. 
0	i want to see white arrows at north star bar sat + target studio session on wed. 
-1	how can you hate on yolo.please tell me how living your 2nd time is. 
0	target were you at the haye vs chisora fight on sat? we saw you at the side of the ring and then you disappeared likemagic. 
1	tbt representing the w&m sweatshirt on my 2nd birthday. i had a sweet lion king cake too. 
-1	i know i'm only on the 4th season of oth, but i don't understand why everyone loves lucas scott. he pisses me off. 
0	gift ideas for my 60th coming in october - 40 ridiculously expensive gadgets for the filthy rich -expensive-gadgets/ via target. 
0	rare duplex for sale in cupertino with monta vista high! gorgeous granite slab kitchen! rent 1 & live in 1! open sat. -hp. 
0	klitschko vs. wach, 10th of nov in germany, note it down in your television schedules! 
1	target i have lots of spare jars. marmalade is the one 'jam' g&i have not yet made. so glad you found ash wed easy & uplifting. 
0	the india rich list edition will be available in mumbai from today.other cities can get it tomorrow onward. it remains on stands till dec 31. 
0	nodarioty happening tomorrow night at neighborhood theatre. put it on your social agenda to come out support your local artist! 
1	target josh bradley turns 23 tommorrow! july 15. hope all is well with you! enjoying your music. have some halo-halo! 
0	want to winwin some tickets to the vice x cph i am happy.ox - don't know x dr party this saturday with james murphy and 2manydj's on. 
1	friday - dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at 7.00pm. not doink anysing? come and join van helsing! it is i! 
0	daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012: daily zap okc vs san june 2nd 2012 check tonight's . wait 5s,pressskip ad. 
0	due to football making cif, the spaghetti dinner has been moved to monday, november 26. dinner served at 6:30, performance starts at 7. 
0	tomorrow new episode of room but then need to wait monday for room with eng sub. 
1	4ths are in striking distance of promotion & the title. sunday is presidents day. be great to get as many of us together. 2pm legends v club. 
-1	wow. tiger fires a 63 but not good enough. nick watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? 
0	brook lopez gets a short shot +1, brooklynnets lead 71-56 with 4:20 to play in the 3rd quarter. 
0	basically the whole point of mardi gras is to sin as much as you can before ash wednesday target. 
0	girls gone wild -->> club roar going be a zoo friday. 
0	presidents day tomorrow. come on down, there might even be cricket to watch before the festivities. 
0	flexthursday ! this thursday!wit target target crows nest we calln out the whol souf kum kick it with pinkcity!. 
1	hope to see you at our social media week event in glasgow tomorrow. -crowd-distribution-and-sea-wall/ smwfilmcamp. 
1	i find it funny that this is the 5th year in a row that brad paisley and carrie underwood have hosted the cmas. 
0	hold up! i can't make plans for tomorrow. tomorrow it's game time. 3:30pm >.> knicks vs heat. 
0	jennifer aniston & drew barrymore: fill in the blank!: at the 2012 lacma art + film gala on saturday, jennifer. 
1	tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies, gears3, and maybe Modern Warfare 3 all day thanks to my today live code. anyone down for some gaming? 
-1	if barack obama cared 4 the people of Nice job he would lift union ban like george bush did 3days after katrina. sandy october failed leadership. 
0	can someone bless with mr wattecamps homework tomorrow. 
-1	this time tomorrow, target and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend.the usm game is going to be atrocious. 
-1	don't get paid till saturday but I am going traffod centre tonight, cba. 
0	check it out! frobisher says! is free for ps vita october 23rd: posted by denial of normal mesa // director, product plannin. 
0	playstation vita | a free-to-play role playing game worth playing, landing on the vita in early 2013 picotto knights may be. 
0	my official birthday weekend kicking off party friday sept 21st at club bodi and going out with a bang grand finale at . 
1	ghost rider 2 was good but it was super trippy. 1st one is better. 
0	this thursday at backstage live piercetheveil with my baby<3. 
1	i can't wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half-price avatars. 
0	spending quality time with katherine louise and mileys smiley! katie leaves indiana tomorrow. sadtweet gonnamissher sad gonnacry. 
-1	khader adnan may be released, but the struggle continues. 1,600 palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day. 
0	stluciemets honoring the late gary carter this thurs in game vs lakeland. carter's family, hojo will be in attendance. target mets. 
1	happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley! haaamaaazing! may birthday ang character no idea david extreme droll nanditoako. 
1	act of valor was just as good the 2nd time watching it. 
1	target i would really love to get a ps vita. my sisters 16th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one. 
0	friday starts with playing smells like teen spirit - nirvana clt. 
1	i've always liked the sun devils they have great representation on girls gone wild. 
1	big l may be my favorite artist right now. even though he gon. 
1	good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a 5th with viscount oscar! very early start tomorrow for event 2 in hampshire. 
0	target chisora? or will he not have it? once this 3rd defence is done and he owns the belt outright will he move up in class then? 
0	target you may want to contact sony at or we can post a question on ms community for you. let us know! ^ny. 
0	'now behold the lamb, the precious lamb of god, born into sin that i may live again, the precious lamb of god. 
0	the cast & crew of thecurioussavage! see it here at ash november 16 & 17! fallplay thespiangazelles -23by8uu/. 
0	win tickets to see manchester city v Asynchronous Javascript and XML with ford!: source: --- thursday, november 0. 
-1	is this cif piece meant to be funny? i mean, other than in the unintentional sense of being ironically humourless -funny-twitter-austin-mitchell. 
-1	a 19th journo murdered in somalia / tokyo 2020 unveils stadium design rivals/ why madrid says it needs 2020 olympics /. 
0	we are playing a one off hip hop based set without danny this saturday at plan b, brixton, alongside the dub ratz. 
1	nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today . i highly recommend. 
-1	fireworks go on sale tomorrow. i'm sorry, but after experiencing independence day in the states, nz fireworks can't impress me at all. 
0	at the vitali klitschko party udar meeting in odessa, near potemkin stairs. 27 sep 2012. 
1	remember that one time in the 4th grade when i loved the parent trap so much that i gave it up for lent. 
0	ron jaworski is missing from the monday night booth. liam neeson stars in taken: 7. 
-1	I am so tired that zulu is the 1st word that pops in my mind. 
1	our 1st xi went through against liverpool 4th xi with a 2-1 victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match target. 
-1	tough one tonight for the boys. played hard but came up short with a 4-1 loss with an eng. davies scored the lone goal. la ronge tomorrow. 
1	target i'm having king cake for my birthday tomorrow. i can't wait. it's the best part of getting older. 
0	top five holidays for side chicks. president's day 4) day after valentine's day 3) black friday 2) april fool's day 1) groundhog's day. 
0	i'm volunteering at the 8th grade construction rodeo! 
1	strangely, national margarita day is feb 22nd. think we'll celebrate tomorrow anyway. happy cincodemayo! 
1	watching last night's redeye - the target hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound & down! 
0	[today 5/19]gag concert is back with eng sub! kick off your sat morning with laughter! 
1	gerald green will show on a good team that he's more than just a dunker. kid can do it all. 2nd biggest surprise behind jlin nbarank. 
0	to go to astrology night tomorrow or to not go to astrology night tomorrow. that is the question. 
0	the songs i want to hear most on sunday are rella, la bonita, radical and 50. 
0	catch target in the gloaming live! at leicester square theatre on the 25th & 28th. 
0	target screen shot from the 3rd ep. of the finder. i think someone thought it was a romance novel: pic.twitter.com/cayczeqi. 
0	such a tough choice. ghost rider or friday the 13th. 
1	meet the amazing race philippines contestants. watch it on tv5 starting tomorrow. i am excited for this show. 
0	i'm going to keller williams at neighborhood theatre in charlotte, not cool - dec 28. 
0	i want to go buy new vans just because i'm going to target 's concert on november 17th. i love it.. 
0	I don't know if its still thursday in hawaii since its friday here but heres a tbt play it for the good friend one time! 
0	we're going to bali tomorrow laughing out loud pic.twitter.com/55xlqizv. 
0	maybe. i'll text you tomorrow lauren laughing out loud i get queasy giving blood. we'll see. 
1	i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday. 
0	lolol! aunt: so what happen with you and mike? you guys aren't together? me: wth! who told you? aunt: Come On evelyn, facebook! 
1	it's josh bradley's birthday tomorrow. so what time is the party? 
0	a script by the coen brothers. alan rickman naked. just a few of the things going for 'gambit' . 
-1	why is my mind doing this to me? 1st i think about max and how he always knows when i'm sad and now i think about what happens when he dies. 
1	in honor of national margarita day come and enjoy $3 margarita's, and the usual wednesday specials $1 drafts and free food buffett! 
1	twitter: "we found someone you may know on twitter! kevin rudd target - federal member for griffith." straya. 
0	the metlife blimp was flying over starkville, ms today. probably getting ready for the msu game saturday. 
1	friday - yearbook ordering deadline! your child is going to want one of these, and they are so easy to order online. 
1	robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th women in hollywood. 
-1	target akin and murdoch are scum, but rape jokes aren't much better brah. 
1	the nicest teacher in the world (mr. gave us an extra day for our homework and i still didn't do it! guess who's waking up early tomorrow. 
0	i'm in north carolina with target we play at elon university tomorrow! 
0	-10 in the last round. started the day at tied 7th place ended up winner. nick watney. 
0	target here are the official settings for gears3 for july 21st. execution maps- checkout no swaps, clocktower swap out boom for digger and. 
0	elon university's colors are maroon and gold. we want to see some green, white and orange tomorrow at 7:30. 
1	i'm all for 2nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal. 
-1	vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night. 
-1	i just came back from mexico city. i will fail 2 subjects for not going to school for a week. if rih comes to mexico in the 14th. 
1	paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv5. get the juiciest and freshest. 
0	hd clip of target knocking "southbound pachyderm" out with valor at target tuesday night. cc target -. 
1	10 ps4 launch games wed love to see. these are our hopes & dreams sony, be gentle with them: opm: a new. 
0	in my 2nd season in mycareer, and the jazz have maggette and jr smith starting. no no no, what the f**k is this?!? 
0	sunday's golf roundup: nick watney flirts with 59, rallies to victory: by associated press comments nick watney . 
0	with enrile finally speaking up, alfie anido's wikipedia page may now be revised with citations. -anido-mystery-death-according-to-enrile. 
1	target great to meet you sat. if you're free weds 24 oct 9pm for our residency: leicester square theatre, we'll sort you a comp. 
-1	wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone i am sad. stupid surgery. 
0	bloodbeast returns to the stage with killatoria and new act predomination. join them this friday at black dahlia. 
-1	i can talk about malcolm x all day. like when i got kicked outta school in 8th and 9th grade for being too radical about black panthers. 
1	mee& my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow cutiepies. 
0	i watched act of valor last night and let me just say that a man that can shoot a gun may or may not score extra attractive points. 
0	me & amanda going to new orleans in february for mardis gras i love it.. 
0	haye waits on vitali decision - david haye will find out in december if a possible fight with vitali klitschko can . 
1	tomorrow, the jimmy donn "eastbound & down" pre-order begins. only 100 pre-orders will be available. and it's a pretty sick combo pack! 
1	target lol! jason & ethan went tues & thought it was good. i didn't fancy going & cole was out all day & night with archie! 
-1	ignored again man see v Asynchronous Javascript and XML itv tues, celtic v barca skys2 wed, target sort it out yeah fuds. 
1	rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the 3rd straight year! congratulations to the rodeo miami team! 
0	president's day is over, duty will resume tomorrow, see you all guys at cafe juan. 
0	rttarget call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english. every cdn should experience hearing an aboriginal language as 1st choice. 
-1	the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow. 
0	t-g news: normandy post office saved: the .. postal service announced a plan wednesday that will keep the norm. 
-1	target bill, murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he hasn't changed his view on the matter. 
0	target i'll be at lax tomorrow. if you're still there i'll bring in and out. 
1	congratulations to the jurupa valley jaguar water polo team. placed 2nd in league and have a chance to go and do something in cif. 
-1	i can't believe the 3 important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me. 
1	got a bit of sun today! cant wait to tan tan tan! nz weather i love you i am happy. 
1	knicks vs heats friday its going down. 
1	if target wins the target title at royalrumble, then he would have to defend it in his 1st ever elimination chamber match. 
1	well, i haven't done any homework in the past hour, but, i do know the lyrics to forevermore , wya and nandito ako by heart now. i am happy. 
1	check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park. this is truly a great. 
1	target after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be. 
-1	ramdev's jailed aide's picture with freedom fighters at ramlila: new delhi, aug 9: controversy erupted at the. 
0	target target they hold 4 titles. there are loads out there. but thy hold the four highest regarded. and vitali may retire soon. 
0	the fact that after i tweeted that, max the dog sat on my cold left-out foot. 
1	tonight, i roast a chicken. tomorrow, i make chicken soup. love my job but wish i could cook for social justice. 
0	birmingham's zulu's took 800 lads to leeds today. celebrating 30th anniversary of the zulu'. bet that was an eventful day then. 
0	day 3 raspberry pi winners! come back tomorrow for the last chance to win 2 more! openstacksummit dreamcompute pic.twitter.com/eb7dlyl6. 
1	bomb squad bake sale thursday the 25th ! don't miss out. 
0	sat in bed edith is on in the background and i still have a face full of white and i'm still in my clothes from last night. 
0	oh my God ! 'orphan' is going to be watched in tv5 tomorrow after 'the amazayn race philippines'. get ready monday, I'm going to coming ^___. 
1	lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte, and it's possibly the best latte i've ever had. i'll be back tomorrow to give him all my money. 
0	given up on work for the night, really cba! know i'll be able to concenttrate better tomorrow anyway. plus i'd rather talk to target now! 
-1	rdm seriously believes last night proves sunday's defeat was unjust? if anything, i'm surprised our first xi didn't vagina you on sunday. 
1	khader adnan is a hero, he's the palestinian spring and hopefully the spark of a 3rd intifada. 
-1	speaking of king cake, the 1st time my mom had some, she ate the baby. got stuck in her throat and she had to got to the doc to get it out. 
0	packing for italy - starting with arena di verona tomorrow then heading to cesena, my hometown. piadina romagnola. 
0	1st episode of careless world television from europe is on facebook, make sure to give it a "like" - teamtyga. 
1	dethklok, all that remains, and black dahlia murder in november? i can dig it! 
1	playstation vita will receive great additions and games: as you may have seen with our previous web log post on the. 
0	i can't help but wonder while at the washington monument why they didn't utilize the grounds to create a huge sun dial pic.twitter.com/9ftnktms. 
1	can today already be over with? i am ready to go to murray state tomorrow! collegevisit i am happy. 
0	presidents day is this coming sunday at the windmill starting at 1pm. arrive at 12.45 for pairs to be drawn - all members welcome. 
0	will take a photo eating halo halo tomorrow and will send it to target ! for josh bradley's birthday! 
1	enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of technogymvillage in cesena, italy. workouts for attendees tomorrow. 
0	target bring italy movie called 'tomorrow' back on sbs, about 1997 earthquake film. 
0	catch me up there on lemon and hermosa after saturday at the new pad. 
1	target see you guys on the 6th of october in bathurst along with stan walker. can't wait! :. 
1	i think target should come back to calgary. saw him in september and yeah, he's hot. i love him. i love it. nuffsaid comeback love. 
0	next big day of the year is presidents day. the revised date is now the 6th october. details of the competion. 
0	little blurry but this is the crowd i play for every thursday at plan b with madison's hottest dj, brook bartels. 
-1	simon crean still can't support the way kevin rudd was spilled from the role of pm - herald sun. 
0	can't be arsed for tomorrow just want tomorrow night and saturday night. 
1	you only live once really you going to tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother rns. 
0	our founder on friday. read about it: smwfrienefits. 
1	social media week is right now! can you tell i'm excited? smwvan i'll be at the target event tomorrow, see you there! -employed/2012/09/social-media-week-%e2%80%9cthe-changing-face-of-employment%e2%80%9d/. 
1	may god be with and protect everyone else from the storm that's about to hit constitution hall. 
0	winter storm watch remains in effect from monday evening through wednesday morning for the smoky mountains. 4-8 inches of snow is possible. 
0	redsox extra bases: varitek named assistant to the gm: the red sox on thursday named jason varitek as a special. 
0	he want the country divided as filthy rich or dirt poor! and everybody on my Tough Luck gone be in the 2nd category! 
0	europe aa prices may firm on asian supply, but not in q4 - buyers: london --buyers in the european acrylat. 
1	cool cdnpoli rttarget call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english. experience an aboriginal language as 1st choice. 
0	target I am curious, do students of nyuscps qualify for the ticketed code to the richie hawtin & loco dice lectue on the 3rd of nov? 
0	joe corbi's fundraising is due tomorrow! turn it into one of the deca advisors! 
0	hommage to gary carter and the expos day tomorrow at rcup: dollar hot dogs, and $8 tickets at the 300 level. 
0	redsox saltalamacchia is the 4th catcher to hit 16+ hour in back-to-back seasons for bos. others: carlton fisk, rich gedman, jason varitek. 
0	get ready for our wednesday drink specials wednesday - 3- i am happy.m have it your way margarita day . 
0	zumba tonight at 5:30 pm at balance fitness. 370 davenport ave, 3rd floor new haven ct. see you there ladies. 
0	want to go to the queen extravangaza at bell center jan 30th? sing for queen at 545pm all week to win tix! drivetime target. 
0	i know flatbush zombies wont be at the concert on friday but i still hope the as soon as possible mob performs bathsalts at least, or rockys part atleast. 
0	heat play the knicks tomorrow. 
1	tomorrow i get my hands on my copy of vlr for ps vita. hopefully the postive impression i got from the demo carries over to the full copy. 
0	winter storm watch in effect for parts of the mountains- including asheville- from monday morning to late tuesday. avl wnc sandy. 
0	every friday join us for mass at 9am & 5:30pm + all day adoration at Stop That angela's mattapan catholic church target boston bilangual. 
1	woohoo going to spend all day thursday shopping at the florida mall i am happy. yay shoptilwedrop. 
0	info *distance of the sun from earth 149,597,900 kiss me & the moon from earth is 384,400 km. follow target follow targe. 
0	to anyone who hasn't seen the 1st half of david's first ever recording for nandito ako, check the link below! -half-of-davids-first-recording-of-nandito. 
0	persona 4 golden will arrive in north america for the playstation vita on november 20. publisher atlus also noted in today's announc. 
1	ahhh, the sun is shining, the birds are singing and this nirvana track i have on is bringing it down. 
0	kevin rudd parents out canberra mansion and lives it up at hyatt - herald sun: kevin rudd parents out canberra mansi. 
1	yolo? ofcourse, but with in that life span You may be an become 5 difference ppl, the life we live in aint the only life we gone have, be smart. 
0	i'm going to pierce the veil at backstage live in san antonio, thanks - oct 18. 
1	national basketball association playoffs today! the heat vs knicks series is going to be crazy! luckily celticnation don't play till sunday lets go celtics! 
1	good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on 1st round cif! 
0	finish watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. movie was alright. i still prefer the 1st one better. 
0	i might invite myself over julian's house tomorrow now that i think about it lol. 
1	pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger. 
0	my 3rd article for solo travel society. this time it's all about seoul, south korea! i am happy. -travel-destination-seoul-south-korea/. 
0	i wionder if hisd has school tomorrow. i want to visit my elementary school :3. 
0	target son.i left them so open. i got them hot and said 'u can hear the rest of that poem on nov 11th at santos party house' lmao. 
-1	bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil. 
1	but rest assures i am watching degrassi, and loving it may i add. (. 
0	i wish ron jaworski was still in the monday night football booth. i enjoy tirico and gruden, i just think that jaws offered a lot too. 
1	knicks vs heats gone be the best 1st round series in the playoffs. 
0	i just set my alarm ringtone with nandito ako. see you tomorrow i am happy. 
-1	horrible dream lady night.i'm tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight hearthorses. 
0	tuesday my birthday and i going up to malcolm x to register him in school! 
1	going through my 7th grade yearbook just makes me laugh. 
0	got to get my liver/kidneys ready for saturday -- cinco de mayo! or, as i call it, national margarita day 2. 
0	anybody want to pick me up at lax on november 20 ? 
-1	target these people cannot know who mick jagger is.you am not old, old school maybe but c'mon! mick jagger has a lot more years than you! 
0	and once again, the first game james and me play in Team effort latest 2k is: heat vs knicks. for the 2nd year in a row. we always go back and fort. 
0	brook lopez scored 9 points in the 2nd quarter and was featured by nets. joe johnson was absent, but should play in 2nd half. nets nba. 
0	endymion is responsible for the 6th q-base update. here's the preview of their thunderdome anthem. watch, listen. 
-1	okay i'm sorry but taylor swift looks nothing like jackie Oh so stop comparing the two. Come On america aren't you sick of her yet? 
0	bayern lost 1-2 to bayer leverkusen sunday. they remain at the top of the table and are allowed to slip up one . 
0	just put a bet in for tomorrow night already. never did this before. miami heat -5.5 against the knicks. 
0	just got off the 5:00 conference call and a winter storm watch has been issued from 2:00 am, monday october 29th. 
1	just walking to the victor! happy 21st birthday lauren! 
1	imaaa be the 1st tongan hooper in the national basketball association fact. 
0	pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger. 
0	films at the pratt: ghost rider: spirit of vengeance, free screening, sat, aug 4, 1pm, southeast anchor. 
1	good monday everybody! wish we could start this morning with a little king cake. 
1	i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february 21 then i was like partying that time they recieved it! 
0	surprisingly, .. downing, formerly of judas priest, has his birthday on october 27, just two days after fellow. 
0	video: unsold simpsons stamps cost usps $1.2 million: the .. postal service had marked the 20th anniversary of. 
1	white day. one month after the valentine day, march 14th. it's a romantic day! 
0	so this friday theres an open microphone in Asynchronous Javascript and XML we're gunna test out some tunes at. anyone can play, if you want to experiment with a crowd, holla! 
1	good result tonight, though! part one of rodgers' gamble paid off. have to wait for sunday for part two. if we win that, we're off! 
-1	I am going home and throwing this up. my diet starts tomorrow. -target. 
0	target hey toki, saw you at webster hall last friday was hoping you would drop "gamble" on us all i am sad. come visit us in state college pa! 
0	target you have watch the national basketball association playoffs! knicks vs heat on wednesday! 
0	so theres a jordan's release tomorrow at florida mall, am i going to be a sneaker head and go get them ? 
0	grand! of "orlando live" formally "lax" classic wknd! friday, saturday, sunday! some of the biggest. 
0	independent bands family of the year and white arrows at space 301 this wednesday - check out some new music. 
0	watch for the sea of pink strutting through cupertino on saturday morning. give 'em a wave, or a honk, or just. 
1	happy sixth of may, or what's referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day. 
0	check out all of monday's highlights in 2:19 with the daily zap. 
1	watched act of valor for the 3rd time and almost cried again! i love that movie! 
1	just got the last win of the season! 2nd place in league woohoo woot! cif here we come! i am happy. 
1	can't wait for opening night at madison square garden. will be there for the knicks/heat game on friday! 
1	son if deandre learned anything more than dunking.he could be the 3rd best center in the league. brook lopez's rebound numbers hold him back. 
1	target hi, would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on 9th, who can i contact to arrange? 
1	happy 4th from the bomb squad! 
1	has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom! thanks target. 
0	so whos seeing peacock and gamble tomorrow who can get me a ticket because i haven't got a card. i have the money, i'll give it to you there. 
-1	was going to watch brooklyn nets - new york knicks tonight but it got postponed, knicks going to get butt-fucked by miami tomorrow :. 
0	pakistan news procter and gamble sales fall 6.7 %: p&g said net earnings in the quarter to september 30 fell to. 
0	back in the day when catholics ate fish every friday, our school thought it'd serve for lunch the best of both worlds: tunafish hot dogs. 
0	guess i'm singing 'what makes you beautiful' with target tomorrow for choir leggo. 
1	5 days of rodeo in one week time i am happy. so excited! 10th year going cfr12. 
0	target ay you gone release the hotelcalifornia in feb like you did with careless world ? 
0	unofficially yours for the 2nd time around. no way with target target target target. 
-1	ghost rider 2 is out on monday. ignore it. 
-1	it's fucking friday! so it's only right to bump "friday" by flatbush zombies at ignorant levels. 
0	polar dust is hitting black dahlia in boksburg on the 10th of november. click here for event details. 
1	target just sat in with king cake. fun times! 
1	girls gone wild! target target just a little bit of fun in the sun! target target fun sun par -/. 
0	an evening with maya angelou 7:30 .. 4 in elon university's alumni gym. $12. tickets available sept. 278-5610. 
-1	i don't want to go to school on monday . my excuse will be that hisd doesn't have school laughing out loud . 
1	i may not be a diehard fan of screenshot but all the things i've heard about this man make him sound like a hero. 
0	the reziduals at stevie starlite's jam night at southside's in alsip tonight 10pm & we're hosting our own at murphy's law this friday! 
0	target krystal you better heal up in time for national margarita day on feb 22! 
1	life is good, imperial woodpecker sno-balls are back! 124 macdougal between 3rd and bleecker. bring on the king cake! target snogood! 
0	price: i'd take vitali fight: david price says he would fight vitali klitschko tomorrow - but admits it . 
0	dethklok, all that remains, machine head, and the black dahlia murder at stage ae november 8th.highly considering going to that. 
-1	today, april 17th , is ironically the day israel claimed it would release khader adnan. no action yet. 
0	5 minutes to learn what the raspberry pi is all about -pi-hands-on-day-video. 
1	today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument. 
0	tomorrow at 12pm, you will finally be able to watch filthy rich clip in youtube filthyrichclip. 
0	i just need to see lauren on saturday already. 
1	lamb of god is coming to town on the 12th! oh my God i'm sooo excited extreme droll i can't wait to get into the pit and go crazy! \m/. 
-1	i have to drive with ms. pope saturday. kill me now. 
1	okay all you all catholics, tomorrow be a holy day of obligation. be sure to get you all a** to mass. 
1	just handed in my application for the marie colvin scholarship at the sunday times. an exciting moment. 
0	will be at manly market & mittagong on saturday. crows nest fair and kiama market sunday. hope to see you there. 
0	up early on a saturday to cook chili with sean cunningham at the ics chili cook off in new haven ct. 
0	asiabrief kevin rudd calls for t-shirt design to rival the kevin-07 logo - herald sun: brisbane timeskevin rudd. 
0	continental senior living will have a booth on the square for pancake day on saturday. come by to learn more about. 
-1	ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole. 
-1	target you do realise that in like 50 years, us barbz will be sat in a nursing home still wanting the rim video :. 
-1	. johnson commits his 3rd foul! he's cold off the bench with 3 fouls and a turnover in q4. pacers losing 98-87, 4:52 left. 
1	have you got your tickets yet? london's newest whorehouse opens next saturday! leicester square theatre. 
0	target please help! love my holster bought feb '12 at wppi but it's frayed in many places. urgent need for help before oct 27 wedding ta. 
0	foes to city, hisd, hcc bond measures emerge. the antis make 1st appearance just 3 wks before election day. 
0	i need food, a pain pill, a glass of wine, a comfortable bed, and zero noise. in that order.and this day repeats tomorrow and sat. 
1	tomorrow.walmart, target, walgreens, cvs, kroger, whoever.i'm coming for that discounted candy.be ready for it i am happy. 
1	3 wickets in 1st session, eng bowlers will be extremely happy! just tiwary, raina and saha left along with yuvi. rayudu should've played! 
1	looking forward to rocking it out at roma's in louisa on saturday night! hope to see everyone there! no cover! 
0	b-cu fans: a live video stream of saturday's football game vs. morgan state will be available at the following link. 
1	i love you too riri! can't wait for friday! i love it.. 
0	we will be closed this monday, february 20th for presidents day. if you need access to your account over the. 
0	mick jagger with the monday night football song swagswagswag. 
-1	1st 5-star review. colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutt's own. 
-1	will evelyn ever finish her hw? the world may never know. 
1	it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear. 
1	ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow! 
1	happy 13th birthday to one of my favorite boys, zachary! he's growing up so fast, he's almost as tall as me. 
0	interviewing paul conroy later for target -the photographer injured working with the sunday times journalist marie colvin in syria. 
-1	depending on your sensibilities, unofficially yours may seem progressive or derivative. too bad the leads can't supply the heat it needed. 
1	i'm driving in to long beach saturday. if anyone has clothes, food, cleaning supplies, linens to donate please let me know! thank you! 
-1	the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin! 
0	the daily zap - all the action from wednesday's six pack can be found right here in the daily zap. 
1	swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre! come buy local and start your christmas shopping early i am happy. 
-1	team rita, oh you fancy huh? 2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell 2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell. oh you fancy huh? 
1	hisd's chief financial officer will retire in december: i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions! 
1	got a lot of work done tonight, kind of proud. tomorrow is going to be a good day, happy friday. 
0	jennifer aniston takes the plunge is low-cut, sexy outfit. too much? see ottawa sun photo gallery & vote. -aniston-takes-the-plunge. 
0	thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi. decision's to be made. 
0	i see the french rail unions are striking on the 25th, do the french have half term or is it just aimed at the brits? 
0	settled part of bali stuff with the friends. tomorrow some more. totally forgot about my 8am class -_-. 
0	today is day 1 of the festival of india to bali ! get your tickets from arma. 
1	target endymion is now rocking the charts, what nexts? Come On tell us something. 
0	watching ghost rider 2 this is a lot different from the 1st. 
0	can you believe that the salvation army in goshen is already working on pancake day and christmas. 
0	perry: but morgan state scored a touchdown at the top of the 4th quarter, cutting howard's lead to 21-14 with 11 minutes left in the game. 
0	bure's 1st game as a nyr at message against van. lost 3-1, bure had the lone goal. know who had a hat trick for van? todd bertuzzi realtalk. 
1	target do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house? can't wait to see/hear you! 
0	i was sing tomorrow by the winans in class and i was told i sound like brian mcknight.never got that before. 
0	Asynchronous Javascript and XML caretaker coach jan pruijn jokes he needs to sideline top talent billiat and manyama played best after. 
1	south korea is the 7th country that have the most beautiful womans agreed. 
-1	i really thought hisd didn't have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day. 
1	hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon i am happy. bring on the celeb life! 
-1	the brits are punishing us for american releases always being late across the pond. skyfall to come out on november 9th. 
1	come walk with us tomorrow! see you at lent's park at 10 am for registration. looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day! 
0	the sixers better smash the knicks on sunday. 
0	imaaa be quiet all day tomorrow . 
1	i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio. it was february 25th. i am happy. specialnight. 
0	might have to go for a plan b on my halloween costume, unless the stars align tomorrow. why is halloween on a wed? 
-1	watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. it's much worse when you may have thought. 
0	target you going to be at the nov 15 showing of tic at vans? robbie is hyping the night to the locals. free session will be bananas. 
0	nocomment "target target target target so xhosa & zulu guys apply morvite on their faces when it's hot to avoid sun burn i am sad.. 
1	watched some of the cmaawards because of hayden panettiere & saw carrie underwood do gangnam style! laughing out loud it will be the 1st billion views video! 
0	tomorrow? who promised you tomorrow? give yourself to the lord today! the winans. 
0	forumcast ep5: the 4th on the 5th- we talk ghost rider:spirit of vengeance,the 4th of july & falling skies. 
0	its about that time! filthy rich presents. saturday aug 18. email me for more info or check out our fac. 
0	met this girl on valentine day, fucked her in may, she found out about april so she choose to march. 
0	halifa ayan yusuf is 21 years old, she was born in hargeisa in somalia and she is ready for the finals at the mlimani city hall on december 7. 
0	jason varitek may return to boston for job with - flash player installation -varitek-may-return-to-boston-for-job-with-sox/. 
1	national basketball association is back !' my main man just joking starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow. 
1	such bull s**t : emails will start going out tomorrow. thank you, everyone, for your patience! 
1	project x is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one, like this friday. 
0	careless world is the album of the year by target. 
0	target follow target and meet her on november 26, outside the bell center at 4:00? 
0	if it's true that vitali klitschko has retired then arreola & stiverne are ranked 1st and 
0	keith foulke is throwing out the first pitch to jason varitek. i mean are we really celebrating an 8th year reunion? 
0	see john lloyd cruz & angel locsin at the "unofficially yours" la premiere on feb 24.for tickets visit or call 818-243-2539. 
0	the knicks are practicing tomorrow now that their game against the nets is postponed. 
0	tomorrow i get to make a birthday cake. 
0	jennifer aniston believes in regular sun exposure~check it out!. 
0	find us at arrington this saturday 11/3 at 5pm. bring a picnic. a blanket. and cozy up with some wine and jazz. 
1	it's friday love question time - i'm answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology - now! 
0	shoutout to all the boyfriends that treat they girl like everyday is valentine day instead just on feb 14. if so i salute chaa. 
-1	1st free.edom taken away. cant buy your size of soft drinks.religious freedom for catholics. obama.coming for you. 
1	news: plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental! 
0	. mumbai 'a' against england in the visitors' 2nd practice game from november 2 to 5. mumbai 'a' to be led by suryakumar yadav and. 
0	nuggets at 76ers: 2nd half thread: leave your comments here as the nuggets finish out the second half against th. 
0	rated are > loud > talk that talk and good girl gone bad > music of the sun > a girl like me. 
0	demon gaze, a next-gen dungeon role playing game for the the playstation vita [1st trailer and screens] 
-1	holy drunk! wine, johnny walker and beer are not a great combo esp on a thursday night to many emotions too much sadness, calling it a night. 
1	got so much accomplished today ! i hope to see lots of happy faces tomorrow target rim for the wine&cheese info for bella bay ! i am happy. 
0	postal plants to shrink, 28,000 jobs at stake: the .. postal service announced on thursday it's moving forward. 
0	the posters for need/want/crave have arrived & will be up at the leicester square theatre from tomorrow or friday. just under a month to go. 
0	did you know we are cropping with tammy on friday night? $10 holds your spot! patti is making her king cake again. 
1	mixin it up. playlist from the winans "tomorrow" to target "today" to target "good day" to target "it is well" yup! 
0	so it's the grunge night at blue room blackpool tomorrow night! pearl jam, alice in chains and nirvana cover bands! 
1	my gosh! nandito ako not applicable nia 3 ang guess what? andito si mon tulfo! lolokohin knock out nga! hahaha annabelleenglish101 i shall play with him! 
1	todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday, but while having his son join an. 
1	it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski isn't on monday night football. suck it target. 
0	'up all night's' maya rudolph: 'saturday night live' training 'prepares you for anything': maya rudolph,. television news. 
0	leaving the .. early tomorrow to get to hammond! 
0	who's going to be on the 360 tonight? been awhile since the whole gang have kicked it on gears3. 
1	excited for sarah . live, and today is the 5th day of sarah . day i am happy. 
0	nick watney hit a course-record 61 on sunday to take the cimb classic title. 
-1	kind of just want to stay home and cry all day tomorrow. 
0	sun flare by the washington monument. 
-1	the biggest mistake lucas scott ever made wasn't almost marrying lindsay or moving in with dan, it was shaving his head in the 2nd season. 
-1	he may be a cheap shot scumbag, bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi. 
0	target plan a couple of days here on gabriola for our theatre festival in august. theme "mardis gras". over the top in events! 
0	people that are like 3rd year seniors << it's about time you move on with high school. this is not degrassi where you're the same age forever. 
0	i may or may not be in love with carrie underwood. 
0	winter storm watch for pocahontas county. sunday night through tuesday evening. 8-10 inches of snow possible with more in the highest elev. 
0	brooklyn nets vs. the new york knicks has been re-scheduled for november 26, nationally televised on tnt. tip-off is scheduled for 7 pm. 
0	went to sylvia park for the 2nd time in my life today, and it was the 2nd time in my life i saw target there hahaha. 
1	seeing carrie underwood on the cma's is making me beyond excited for saturday night, carrie and hunter hayes, here we come! i am happy. 
1	target you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight. we all agree max would make a better girlfriend than the blonde girl. 
1	after a truly amazing & blessed 1st day target london conference we are soon to embark upon day 2!come & take time out to learn truth. 
0	hello my navy yard and coast guard friends. tomorrow we will be at truckeroo. from 11am to 11pm. at the fairground on half street. 
0	van pelt birdies the 17th hole to get to -21. he needs to birdie the 18th hole in order to force a playoff with nick watney cimbclassic. 
1	new post on blog! hope to see you all this saturday target cesena! with target family too!. 
1	i love the drive to starkville can't wait till i make it into the college in january achiversparadise onthereal. 
-1	apple can't innovate or manage supply chain: cupertino, ca - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new . 
0	on thursday night, white arrows, hindu pirates and group love entertained the crowds who showed up on the sand . 
0	going to see estelle - sat 9/15 in washington, don't care at dar constitution hall! check out the tour dates here -. 
1	so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv 1 on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch. 
0	me: "little early for ash wednesday isn't it?" stranger: "that's a birthmark! 
0	going to the social media week in chicago tomorrow morning. will be bouncing between trib tower, illini center & depaul all day! 
0	lying in bed last night listening 2 the wind in porto heli & dreaming of windsurfing! dropped off now: time for a 1/2 term be back quick in the sun! 
1	next tuesday night it's man city v Asynchronous Javascript and XML on itv followed by us election night that goes on till 6am. good job i don't have uni on wednesday. 
0	why wait until september to see stan walker in sydney when he's coming to newcastle panthers on 24 august! -news/live/2012/07/12/nickelodeon-launch-australias-first-tween-festival/. 
0	hey target feel like coming to edmonton on the 11th with your tour buddies target wouldntmind summerjam. 
-1	the brits don't need us-style debates. they debate every wednesday. then again, the uk parties don't have to work together. usually pmq. 
0	uploading a new video tomorrow! nandito ako . 
1	big week. revs tonight, ice cream target tuesday, and upstairs for project x target wednesday for halloween. totally buzzing. 
1	i hope i get to meet carmelo anthony tomorrow at the knicks rally hopeful. 
1	maybe behind the times but has espn taken ron jaworski off monday night crew? not complaining. easyontheears nicesurprise. 
0	several new series available friday at the all arts market at neighborhood theatre!twitter.com/ikr4u6sd. 
0	anniversary of miracle, national margarita day, and ash wednesday. 
0	despite sandy, the show goes on: weehawken, Nice job - october 30: much of the new york city skyline sits in darkness. 
1	hey, it's gary carter bobblehead night when the clones come to vt on saturday. 25 cent hot dogs and fireworks on friday. 
0	debating on going to the memphis vs clippers game wednesday or watching the knicks vs heat game on television decisions. 
0	* "[congress may provide for the case of removal of both], declaring what officer shall then act as president." *. 
0	mark your calendars! woody's tonight 
0	this song says everything about a break up .rope to hang by neil mcsweeney: dir. sat johal of crows nest films -. 
0	bozo porno circus with ebm dollz live october 27 in san antonio at backstage live! via target. 
0	testing time fr congress from tomorrow, ramdev at ramlila maidan delhi as he braces up to catch the rapacious bull by the horn. 
0	astrology may be just a load of bull. but some of it is scary true and the other half is well you can figure that out! 
-1	I am so mad at catholics I am going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting boilingmad. 
-1	. dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa. -rebel-mlas-get-vip-treatment-at-cms-function/articleshow/17012957.cms. 
1	target massive congratulations on the best roots album award in nz! looking forward to sharing the stage monday in melbourne town. 
0	gunna have a dank trim and maybe treat myself to a kentucky fried chicken tomorrow, get me in the mood for the weekend. 
0	lets go saints saints: saints 7th round pick off topic marcel jones from nebraska at the nfl combine saints: saints 7t. 
1	*curls up next to papa on the front porch* "going through baseball withdrawal?" i ask him. "hardly, circe. playoffs start tomorrow. 
1	target mallshow with the pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! i am happy. 
-1	martin stupid "1st notice, 2nd notice, a don't let me catch your ass in the street notice. 
0	tottenham boss andre villas-boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january. 
-1	target we may not win academy awards, but we will be the freaking people's choice dammit! 
1	our last draw for an hd television is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the pplhdtv comp: !/postcodelottery/status/163956791691063297. 
0	springsteen, bon jovi, sting to star in hurricane benefit concert friday: superstar musicians born in the new . 
1	yelling i'm so proud of my son trayvon he'll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month. just thanking god! 
1	we love free! celebrate with fox theatre for their 5th anniversary!. 
-1	and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday, oct 25. you probably shouldn't buy tickets yet. call me cynical. 
0	katy perry - ni**as in paris : woah i didn't think she had it in her. via target. 
1	i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow. and danielle. they both deserve it. they support justin with everything they have. 
0	get down to adelaide oval tomorrow to see acc's target and the target in action! 
0	i got tomorrow off! 
1	target you get it boy! hey, thanks for the champagne & nummies.very much appreicated & glad you & laurin made it sunday.thanks poof. 
1	writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday && babysitting my favorite twi. 
1	going to see target and target along with all the other target superstars december 3rd in greensboro not cool i am happy. 
0	compiling playlist for lab visit tomorrow. mostly rammstein and pumpkins so far. i'm going to get in trouble, aren't i? 
1	may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season! 
1	cabin fever 2 drops tomorrow. no way it'll be better than taylor allderdice but i'm still pumped for it. 
0	the driver of a motor vehicle that crashed on petrolia line in the evening of july 11 remains in serious condition. 
0	i'm going to destructo at rise in boston, ma - sep 28. 
0	trayvon my daily tweet 
1	wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues -.-. 
0	view from the valley: seymour schools to open friday -schools-to-open-friday.html .ujlshkvqro0.twitter. 
0	tomorrow night thursday oct 25! first blood tour dubstep & trap halloween party with mayhem! greensboro nc. 
0	uconn confirms 2 .. press conference tomorrow at gampel to discuss "future of the men's basketball program. 
-1	attn: runway class for tonight nov 1st is cancelled. sorry for the inconvenience. it will be rescheduled for next. 
-1	and i never had a good time i sat by my bedside with papers, poetry about estella. 
1	the tri-cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second. 
-1	and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella. 
-1	my godsister better take her ass straight home after school tomorrow. nca won't be the place for her to be after school. 
0	if you are at the rampage game deathmatch me i may be able to get you in our suite. 
0	world bank's most business-friendly countries;malaysia is the 12th most competitive economy on the world for doing business. 
1	panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and what may help guarantee success gcard2 c22. 
0	dante cunningham getting all 12 1st qtr minutes at four and led minny with 8 points. imagine it'll be all derrick williams in 2nd qtr. 
0	carling cup on wednesday. no extra time please. have to play more england internationals and give the kids a rest. lfc stillinthehat. 
-1	false start penalty, garner moved early. brings up 3rd and 16 from the yale 47. 
0	don't drop the same day as nipsey hussle. "target december 21st! 
1	target kickball tournament is on its way mizzouspirit pic.twitter.com/yesqdkgj . the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow! 
-1	if i don't feel a1 tomorrow i'm not going to school rs! 
0	worldcup party jason vernau live at set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with som. 
1	10th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out. everybody was like hell no then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts. 
1	target thanks fa the love! i'm coming to greensboro not cool dec. 1-8 make a appointment i am happy. 
1	it's the clash of the century - we're taking on target and target at bowling tonight. may the best show win. 
0	book swap, saturday at 2pm! we'll bring the cookies. 
0	what a dramatic weekend in racing! crunchtimeatkansas, huge comeback in nns, a 1st-time meconspeed winner and target in the rain. 7pm et. 
0	housemusic fun jason vernau live at set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some. 
1	target eonni! please win the mama award for ost! and take care, i want to see you on jan 19. an ordinary fan from somewhere! 
0	in his session at the 11th international cloud expo, brian clark, vice president, field services, at objectivity. 
1	brief-clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q3 2013: oct 25 - clearwire corp : * say. 
1	but a very happy 21st birthday to my niece's mommy, jess. i love you with all my heart and miss payton too 
0	target tiffany will be one of the My computer sucks along with cnblue's yonghwa and beast's gikwang for such bull s**t kpop super concert on november 10. 
0	next friday at airline skate center ,micheal jackson tribute night. friday night 7-11 , ill be on the 1s & 2s. 
1	jeff, joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud. fox theater in bolder, november 18th. do not miss this!. 
-1	laughing my f**king a** off , she gone die . all the niggas gone be at nca tomorrow. 
1	watching the lorax with my boys. happy saturday. 
0	really pumped about knock2bag on friday with target target and sheeps and others! doors 7pm at rich mix. 
0	i'm going to soundwave festival at olympic park in sydney, australia - feb 24. 
1	come support ballard field hockey in the semi-finals tomorrow at 7:15 at bellarmine! bruinfam studentsection loudandproud. 
-1	semi-finals tomorrow are going to be gay. 
1	this looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon. chalet of the week, chardon, val d'isere. 
1	if dontari poe runs the 40 .3 slower at the nfl combine, he's maybe a 2nd round pick. nice work chiefs. 
0	robert turbin impresses at nfl combine: but on sunday in indianapolis, he became just another name, trying to pr. 
0	it's on.wifey and i going to make the trip from new mexico for my 30th birthday to join the 12thman on 12/9/12 to for the az game. 
0	snsd's tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang My computer sucks for the such bull s**t k-pop super concert nov 10. 
0	tomorrow night at 7 .. we need madison city stadium packed with everyone wearing red as bob jones defends its region 8 championship. 
0	review : black friday 2012 ampro t19701 6 led flashlight with magnetic pick-up tool: find, shop, see reviews , . 
0	ever seen the huntsville statue of sam houston? true story - on a road trip, woke up and thought it was 2nd coming. 
-1	sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do, ulazysackofshit thalia its all love though lmao. 
0	checkers to move to south division in 2012-13 - last thursday, the american hockey league concluded its annual board. 
-1	no wait! mick foley will be at smu from 10 to 11 am on 03 nov. but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening. 
0	free guided hike of the tortolitas on saturday at 8 .. meet at the wild burro trailhead on the ritz-carlton grounds in marana. 
1	perfect pairing. the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august 31. 
0	target we're going to ricks cafe on thursday! or come here anyday! 
1	this made my day. girl scout cookie orders start on friday in md. i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints . -x8zr. 
1	a new favorite: jason vernau live at surfcomber march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera & friends -vernau-live-surfcomber-winter-music-conference-2012. 
0	target are back at rich mix on wed 17 oct teaching you how to design an application in a day. 
0	target target target target not checked with lou but 22nd definitely out can do 21st though. shall i text baylis? 
1	looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov 3rd at bethnal green - light middleweights turn - 2k bonus added for each ko, incentive. 
1	delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in sun dried tomato, parmesan & garlic oil from olive that in montclair pic.twitter.com/wf0pnshq. 
1	hey good half fans, we all must support target in the upcoming season of dwts, premiering tomorrow night! the pride of port charles! 
0	discover the business value of your library card wednesday, september 19th 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm harold washington. 
0	come on andy. kids are in bed. dinner is out of the way. 2nd beer is open. 50" hd television is on. play your game. 
0	sprint to buy stake in clearwire: sprint nextel corp. on thursday said that it wants to buy out the founder of . 
-1	tomorrow october 25 il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela! and i'm not going hahaha. 
1	who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see target at the roxy theater? tickets are cheep. thanks and please please please! 
0	target want to go see legally blonde at north at 2 on saturday? i told your mom already but i need to make sure they have tickets if yeah want. 
1	excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm. 
1	target i may say bad words too but that doesn't mean i lost my christianity, i love you god true. 
1	i may be in the minority here, but i feel like george harrison pulled off the "full hobo" look better than john lennon. 
0	if robbie keane score 10 goals tonight i may like him. 
0	check it out! big time rush: dance party & big time rush: backstage pass pushed back a week, out on november 13. 
0	wait to you all see the jeremy evans from the utah jazz highlight on sportscenter tomorrow! 
0	new show | starkville: big krit and guests. october 10. ricks cafe. tickets on sale friday at 10am. spread it! 
1	won the 400 and the 200 and came 2nd in the 800 at tayside and fife championships! 
0	target rita could you tweet danica's video? she'll be trying to meet justin on november 2nd in louisville. 
0	is anyone going to h&m tomorrow for the fashion against aids collection? 
0	at the 10th annual cloud expo target. 
1	target congratulations rona for the 5th place in eurosong contest. you deserve more than this<3. 
0	target i need an nns ticket for sat. anyone got any?nope but should be easy to get 1 at the track. 
0	galaxy tune up for whitecaps; sounders fall to 3rd: mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi. 
0	you may have find memories of rock concerts at adelaide oval. but how about a film screening?. 
1	target i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov 17? i'd be forever grateful. 
-1	i haven't bought my keep in touch and no crap sherlock is tomorrow. my frame of mind right now is just leaveityeah. 
0	is the workman vs. lp game this friday? 
1	working in the bye nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve, excited! 
0	onthisday 2005 prince charles married camilla parker bowles. "well, there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded. 
0	so from what i understand from the mckew news. it turns out gillard may have challenged rudd for the alp leadership. 
0	fb: jakes keeps it on 2nd down and sets up a 3rd and 3 for wku. ball at mtsu 46. 
0	cloud computing: whiptail talks big data & the speed of life at cloud expo - service oriented architecture wolrd: the 10th. bigdata cloud. 
0	grappling with corruption and business in brazil: the world bank is sponsoring a panel discussion on october 17. 
1	i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow. that would mean 4 of my teenage booze mates will have had it. 
1	support emerging scholars tomorrow at 12 noon for the annual kickball tournament . 
0	eurovision 2012 party in washington don't care on may 26 with live stream from eurosong contest eurovision. 
1	looking for some free fun? come to target friday to see the classic camp films "cobra woman" & "jungle island.. 
0	be sure to attend the gcs career exploration fair on november 15th, from 4-7pm, at the greensboro coliseum special. 
0	l! where is terrance he need to cme back to the bluff should've stayed with him wednesday instead of going to turner house! i am happy. 
0	looks like i'm going to sit at richwood with my brother tomorrow.! 
0	tomorrow venus crosses the sun and there's lots more going on much closer to north branford and northford, too. -tlny. 
0	clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum: sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a stake in . 
0	mick foley live on target raw! play as the 3 faces of foley starting tomorrow in wwe13! 
1	i liked 'kendrick lamar - the rave / eagles club - september 22, 2012 .' in the the rave / eagles club app. 
0	photo: scinerds: sharpening up jupiter amazing image of jupiter taken in infrared light on the night of aug. 
0	mark the dates: miss earth 2012 coronation night nov 24, sat, live on starworld, i am happy.m. free-tv broadcast on sun, nov 25, 10am on abs-cbn. 
-1	i may go off the grid till 11/7. "christians" keep driving me further from christianity. pregnancy after rape is science, not "god's will. 
0	signsyouneedtogrowup you still hit up the skate center on friday nights. 
1	target can't wait to see you guys thursday at gampel, it's going to be freakin' awesome! 
0	but ohhh come december 6th i'm smokin to the whole kush x orange juice and taylor allderdice just like old days. 
0	i now want to ride my bike with "here come the sun" by george harrison playing in the background and my hair flowing behind me. 
1	lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies. thin mints are criminally good. 
1	save the night, save the day. save the love, come what may. love is worth everything we pay. tebaklagu duet barat *clue, ost.nya zorro*. 
0	starkville, ms! coming at you tomorrow night to rage at ricks cafe and we've got a pair of tickets to give away. 
1	can't believe i may have seen the play of the year in the preseason! jeremy evans just put turiaf in his place! slamdunkchampion sctopten. 
1	skatenight tonight i am happy.m stardust skate center free before 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling! haha x1. 
0	the birthday boy and his lamb. the lamb's name is balki. come out to the volstead tomorrow for a taste. ouimybuddy pic.twitter.com/qhjxm968. 
1	may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet! 
0	there is still time to register for "happiest baby on the block"! come have brunch tomorrow morning, learn how. 
-1	oh my God mali music is going to be in philly tomorrow! at the liacouras center, performing at the kingsmen tour! i'm so sad. 
1	hopefully i have a better day tomorrow.today was just cow shit.im going to big bang concert so of course it's going to be bomb! 
0	target enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes tomorrow target pic.twitter.com/ld5hfvun. 
0	target did you tell rio in the weeks before rudd was knifed there would be no mining tax introduced in the may 10 budget? 
0	was thinking about seeing jaws at the roxy on wednesday, but now it seems i'll be seeing bait 3d instead. it'll be just as good, right? 
0	my biggerst worries about this hurricane are meryl streep and susan sarandon, because they live in ny, may god protect them and ther family. 
1	last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome 1st day yesterday maxcc. 
1	tomorrow venus will eclipse in front of the sun, an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the. 
1	congratulations to trey haley, shawn armstrong (target and alex monsalve for being named to the afl's rising stars team. game is sat at i am happy.m. 
1	going to olive garden with my family! so happy it's my 15th birthday! 
0	considering the size of our squad these days, we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to tayside on saturday. 
0	saturday kitchen, rick stein, makes me want to move to australia. 
0	make sure to check out the weekly friday's round - up of book signings , interviews and reviews over at the oak. 
0	f**k me preview: west bromwich albion v arsenal 13 may 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes. 
0	bca voter education guide for november 6. endorsed candidates & information on the constitutional amendments. 
1	it looks like my brother is going to see a$ap rocky tomorrow sigh his life needs to stop being significantly better than mine. 
1	with a 7-2 win last night, the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their 17th consecutive win. fantastic stuff. 
0	update: mallshow with the pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! -- adminkim. 
1	normally i prefer a spot of rammstein on a sunday morning - perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing. 
0	nysports rothstein files: five observations from uconn: monday was the first time i took in a practice at gampel. 
0	target today issued a statement once it learned that sprint may take a controlling interest in clearwire in order 
1	love this song! one of my favorites for sure. can't wait to see you tomorrow at the roxy! 
0	october 27 1962: You too aircraft strays over siberia. usaf interceptors sent to protect armed with nuclear warheads cuba1962. 
1	depaul will be back practice, wine, and football, dinner with big brother in lincoln park = great saturday. 
0	gold and diamond are never at the periphery, we really need to dig deeper into christianity.phil. 3:10-18,rom. 12:1-3. happy sunday. 
0	pottstown and pottsgrove school districts closed on tuesday due to the hurricane. 
0	who's next then? the togo team of emmanuel adebayor , that's who. 1-1 away from 1st leg. 0-0 after 30 minutes of the 2nd. 
1	today i came to the world of television, who knows, but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush? i wish this all my soul! i love it.. 
0	target hey friend. i stopped by last saturday. will be in huntsville this weekend checking on family. catch you next time. 
0	target can we get a rt: big north london derby tonight cockspur rum t20 cup 2nd round target vs highgate cc 6.30 start at hornsey. 
1	target is coming up this weekend! we're super excited! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a$ap rocky! 
0	find out more about our guest lesley thomson before she pops up at book swap tomorrow night. 
1	performing tomorrow at the harold washington cultural center with target come support the team pic.twitter.com/9yegfkrz. 
0	friday, october 19th - talib kweli: idle warship with res at the adrienne arsht center! 
0	boxing news: devon alexander and randall bailey ready to slug it out on september 8th. 
-1	i miss my bestfriend,octaveia, my cousin ,april . my bestie,kaliyah, tricey, dasia,mikia,& the other people i miss with at richwood ! 
0	arrived in llandudno to attend the 3rd conference in 3 weeks. my little car can almost drive itself here. south to north noshortcuts. 
1	are there any aussie directioners from canberra? going there on the 12th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners i love it.. 
1	show up at our 2nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein.today is going to rule du duhast duhastmich. 
0	fb: three runs do the trick for mtsu and they are out to their own 33-yard line. 1st and 10. 
1	big day tomorrow! rvc will be back get their national championship rings and an exciting new era of mbb begins! good luck target and coach opat! 
0	continued : emmanuel adebayor has not travelled with the squad for our europa league away tie in greece tomorrow evening. 
0	iknowushould2 will be at the tom joyner health festival at the liacouras center tomorrow come out for freebies! target target. 
0	blimey! we have a star guest on the radio horton 'knowing your businesses' show tomorrow at 10am. pic.twitter.com/gakhupix. 
-1	i hate as soon as possible on friday ! why i have busy always in the end of week :. 
1	metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs cust. more after redirect. 
1	we're excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed 31st - perfect half term entertainment! call me at 12.30pm, lorax at 1.30pm. 
0	here's all you need to know about upcoming lebronx drops thursday marks two launches blue diamond & jade. 
0	nicki minaj kissing little wayne! caught red handed at the national basketball association all-star game 
1	i love thursdays.grey's anatomy.one day closer to friday.and no driving to huntsville. 
0	going ice skating friday with thalia jack helemma and jazmin maybe giancarlo yaaa. 
0	going to jungle island tomorrow. 
1	rtesoccer robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish 1st in the group! winningmentality coybig. 
0	with that score, farmerville is now up 27-6 over richwood with the 3rd qtr winding down. 
1	il divo - somewhere i am going to see them in dubai friday ,love ,adore them. 
1	hey la music folks. you going to hardsummer aug 4&5 losangeles' most significant music festival. go destructo! -summer-los-angeles-most-significant-music-festival-go-destructo/. 
0	cloud computing and big data strategy: in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo, moderated . 
0	target strong target anyone thinking of going to chesterfield next saturday, edgar davids v luis boa-morte!? target & i may be there. 
0	derrick williams and target check in to tonight's game. budinger with a long 2! twolves up 20-17 with seconds left in the 1st. 
0	do you own a business in bolder? then you may want to participate in this pilot energy program that's part of . 
1	target come on pires! enjoy the show! shout out to people in the .. and ireland wouldn't go astray! it's almost 3 am on a sunday! 
1	glad martin showed up though. hopefully it will work out in the long run. get out there tomorrow night! 
0	haha , am not going to volleyball tomorrow morning . 
0	rafeef ziadah is joining us at the rich mix alongside mark gonzales this monday! 
-1	i'm still obsessed with werth.not on a jeff carter level more on a ryan lochte level. i think it may be sexual obsession. 
1	just saw won't back down the 2nd time! viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal are phenomenal! even better the 2nd time! amazing cast too! 
1	if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person just hit me up & you'll get it tomorrow. 
0	what march just went through bethnal green? 
0	who's going to the game tomorrow at flowing wells high school? i am happy. marana .s fw i am happy. homecoming. 
0	liverpool football club roll out the red carpet for the rnli. nov 30th. joe longthorne, asa murphy. tickets 32.50. send message for tickets. 
0	sprint may not want to buy clearwire after all news benefits bloomberg clearwire future. 
0	[info] exo-m will fly to nanjing tomorrow to attend yangtze river music festival on the 28th (along with super. 
0	f**k me preview: west ham united v hull city 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes. 
0	I am cuming back to natchitoches friday just to vote. 
1	come on out this saturday and support us in the semi-finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert. 
-1	i miss sarah g live last sunday. will watch it later. 
1	may have a man crush on ace! like how is someone just naturally that sweet! hehasfourbrot at laurel tavern. 
1	looking forward to facing ms. allysin okay this saturday in petrolia! -championship-wrestling.com/event_september8a12.html come check it out! 
0	jenn's post below inspired me to find a few more pictures of alex at the independent spirit awards this past february. 
-1	the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow. 
1	tonights friday family movie night is journey 2, the mysterious island! looks promising! 
0	house music fb jason vernau live at set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some swe. 
0	george harrison here comes the sun original. 
-1	but then i don't get why ep kings are going to play super rugby but they still playing kwi 1st div. crusaders aint no puma's just so they know. 
0	our coverage of garner vs. athens drive beings tomorrow night at 6:30 on & target hope you'll join us! 
0	target I am a hit you up tomorrow. aye i still laugh at that ufc beer pong from you had in the garage at az lolll. 
1	i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer, it may usurp the original's place in my top 5 games ever. target is a genius. 
1	mushu at the hurricane wearing tressa's rockstar birthday foam guitar after our show last saturday. we killed it -ldu_/. 
-1	i don't give a fuck though, it's all about sockersweek chicagomagicpsg friday night lights at olympic park. 
-1	rick stein really is incredibly dull. bring back kids' saturday morning telly please. you know, with pop groups and stuff sarurdaykitchen. 
0	photos: rock of ages sneakers off the 7th season at the adrienne arsht center target. 
1	is that lady in the 1st scene of wanderlust with jennifer aniston & paul rudd the lady from mel's diner? if so, i am so happy to see her. 
0	i have an issue driving slow. so I am going to try to make it from az to love in 3 hrs. 
1	tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck! this one is good! also, michelle chong brings 'almost famous' to the oscars! 
0	-australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday. 
0	redbacks collapse against tigers: ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for. 
0	explore the work of jeff carter - a writer, photographer, chronicler of life in the bush. coming up on artscape, aug 14. 
0	wait--there's going to be an august: osage county movie with meryl streep? holy crap! 
-1	this olive garden commercial is so stupid. why would i want old pasta tomorrow? 
1	going to watch connor run the 4x100m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow. wishing him luck! 
1	i'm totally going to ace the sat! justkidding iwish. 
1	state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check no socks left behind. 
0	if the nhl lockout ended, preds would have 2 road games 1st week in october according to the website. 
1	on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl & afl, may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only 148 sleeps away i am happy. 
0	i may throw the illest "fade route" .i should enter the nfl combine, lol. 
1	i like who i am now. other people may not. i'm comfortable. i feel freer now. i don't want growing older to matter to me. - meryl streep. 
1	target catch me on sarah g live this sunday! hehe ingat guys! love you! :***. 
0	tom+lorenzo talk about the girls at elle's women in hollywood celebration! check out viola davis in raoul! -19th-annual-women-in-hollywood-part-2.html. 
1	okay. my sister is freaking out because allstar isn't playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaooo! 
0	allstar game weekend in texas for the 21st bday.oh yea. 
1	target sharon, hi, you may be interested in this ---> jeff timmons on paul and matty show. 
0	another estella video you may not have seen. 
0	if there were a category for best drunk acting in the oscars, this 21st birthday girl might edge out mary elizabeth winstead. 
0	which dj on the star-lite line up is the host of bbc 1xtra's tuesday night ukg show a)b) jamie duggan.c) 
0	the oscars nominations are going to be announced on a thursday, at 1.30 pm. i guess i'll have to be late for math class. :. 
1	wifey & princess are going up to granda's for thanksgiving today. i go sunday. i think i'll watch goon! 
1	can't wait to see target at the house of blues september 18th! 
0	boarded up and evacuated: ritz carlton at the battery --stayed her with target for her 21st bday. 
0	last licks for the redsox, coming up in the top of the 9th. "volare" by the gipsy kings means it's frieri time. 
-1	i just realized that thalia is going to be tortured tomorrow for an hour lmao. 
1	i'm going to just denial of normal it during school tomorrow. math in tok, history in math and bio, and spanish during lunch. yes that sounds about right. 
0	guys the trayvon martin case doesn't start until june 10,twenty thirteen! steep graduation. 
0	grass/woods_fire - bridgeport fire dispatched to the 6th curve into petrolia (trust me, if you. 
-1	'saturday kitchen' is on and it's sunday. mind = fucked. 
0	stuffed pork chop dinner 5- i am happy. sat night at eagles club in cedar rapids.1735 11th street nw. i'm guest bartending.i don't make fufu drinks! 
0	western force sneakers off new super rugby season on the road - herald sun melbourne news. 
1	is paul george going to take the t-mac step in his 3rd year? hope so. 
-1	uh oh.just turned on cardinals game.1st thing i see state farm commercial with kerry wood.not a good sign for cardinals. 
0	shorty with the wolf pussy off friday after next on martin. 
0	the big day is tomorrow! mau xterra world championships at the ritz carlton at 9:30am! 
1	target i'm excited to get my paul george jersey signed by you sunday at the fan jam! 
-1	h&m delivery is so shit. i ordered things and paid extra for next day delivery on saturday and it still hasn't come. 
0	f**k me preview: west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west. 
1	i remember having to watch the daytona 500 for mr. hoak's class in 7th grade. goodtimes target. 
1	psych and garage rock fans will love target target & target at the echo on nov 6th! 
1	oh great, weather warning for tayside and i'm going to dundee tomorrow. hope i don't get stranded up there help. 
1	oh my God journey 2: the mysterious island is on dvd monday! i love that film! 
0	in the carling cup previously, arsenal played their 2nd string, but even then you could count on bendtner / vela to grab a few goals nb52. 
0	spacious 4 bdr 2 bth home with upstairs bonus room. large 3rd acre lot on quiet cul-de-sac. upstairs bdr has room. 
1	huffingtonpost: tomorrow venus, jupiter, and the moon will align for a brilliant night show. 
0	anyone wanting affirmative sanchez tickets for v-club on the 19th of october get in touch i have coach and entry. 
0	knickers off ready when I come home city are going to get destroyed today against villa this afternoon! Come On you villaaans! 
1	bring the whole family for a weekend of sun, fun & healthy living at florida .: taking place at jungle island,. 
0	little wayne gets intimate with nicki minaj's lips! caught red handed at the national basketball association all-star game 
0	jarred cosart talks about pitching in afl's rising stars game.and coming to houston on friday -excited-to-play-in-rising-stars-game/. 
1	1d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor!twitter.com/wsuhzygf (via target. 
0	the 2012 wine & roses fundraiser is tonight saturday, oct 27th! the pinery at black forest will be the setting of. 
1	oneil's barber & beauty will be open monday at 10am and not closing to the last person leave! 
0	it's this thursday night! b95's 11th annual hold 'em for hope texas hold 'em poker tourney at the eagles club in. 
0	for a freebie on sunday the limelight night at rich mix from 7pm showing free horror films - get on the guest list here. 
-1	brrr that was a shock this am! +2c windy so feels chilly but some sun i am happy. we are colder than siberia so the tabs. 
0	vronsky in the philippines? banana karenina banished o'trivia to siberia last monday night at red lion tavern! 
-1	danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race. 
1	no problem ni**as in paris - jayz & kanye, cant wait to see the live in june watchthethrone. 
0	actors have the academy awards, recording artists have the grammys, and now.dj's have the gsa's! - nominees announced tomorrow 10/9. 
1	hopefully going to go see romeo santos with catherine on december woohoo woohoo i am happy. i love it.,<3. 
0	my friend bailey is going to allstar's show tomorrow. 
-1	watching "good deeds" for the 1st time & i'm here all emotional & crap. 
0	nov 10th lady urban also known as ace will be having mixtape release party at the medowlark.rt rt. 
1	looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at target in liverpool as guest lecturer. 
-1	target i hate to say it but i think it'll go to penalties tomorrow. i just have that feeling, like i had before the carling cup final. 
-1	probably not going to be seeing much of the semi-finals tomorrow because i'm going shopping around lunchtime. 
1	ayyye! baby girl fresh will be at the house of blues in december! make sure you all come out and support! 
0	oneil says vaughn will be sold in january. his crime? passed the ball forward more than 3 times today! 
0	estella has become really dramatic all of a sudden. it's really cute now but i feel like at some point it may become a problem girls>boys. 
0	derrick williams and the stiemer enter the agme for pek and klove late in 1st quarter with wolves leading 18-15. 
0	did you know that doug wead and jeremy richter, the short film "elektable" out june 28, is going to be doing . 
0	target wins the fourth set 25-21 to take the match 3-1! next match is sunday against georgetown at 2 .. at gampel. 
1	so ms.sea from berkmar left and now is screen name ap at lanier and i skipped 4th period and stayed in her office i am happy. lol. 
-1	ruby can't even take me to breakfast tomorrow i am sad. he dropped harold washington . 
0	about to begin our sojourn on "mysterious island" for vbs. plane crash, storm, chased by pirates.and that's just 1st night. 3 times each. 
0	target already voted early last friday for you in cypress, no way of houston. i definitely don't want cruz to win. we need a them in senate! 
0	please put on your calender to come to the petrolia-vfd social hall in petrolia, pa this saturday night the raise. 
1	rt: target its friday people! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin i am happy.twitter.com/1en066lh // and i've started holidays! i am happy. 
1	quite excited for the parent looking fixtures tomorrow, i'd love a north london derby at whl! 
0	just watched journey to the mysterious island and may i say i have nooo idea how vanessa can not be jumping all over josh. 
0	jacob has a teacher work day tomorrow, he asked to come to work with me "to make sure i get my work done". 
0	3 yard td run get calhoun even with east at 7-7. 5:53, 1st . 
0	the lionsxii will face at the moment fa on 5 october, in the first leg of semi-finals at jalan besar stadium! 
0	first media timeout ssu trails armstrong 39-45 in the 2nd half. 
1	getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby! 
0	taco| playground x deadline ~ this saturday: meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy for the playgroun. 
-1	trina will be in ..i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol. 
0	that concluded the ncdebate. see thursday's nca for complete coverage. 
0	in the very 1st episode of transformers, it looked like soundwave transformed into the cybertonian equivalent of a lamppost. 
0	'on a sunny sunday afternoon, it could be quite magical.' - designer reveals plans for olympic park via target. 
0	big home game tomorrow evening for the tcu baseball team as they take on texas a&m here at lupton field. come on. 
0	a** hole theres robbie keane.bidding to be the 1st international footballer to score 200 goals. 
0	tomorrow: thoughts to wafer thin mints: saturday at the black dog -1ty yegmusic. 
1	good afternoon everyone it's monday afternoon and i'm live on the airwaves of amfm till 4pm. hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon. 
1	i hope you all come 2 take your loved one 2 the doctor day at liacouras center saturday. i got to be there at 730am & need entertainment! 
0	relaxing tonight, gig with rampage tomorrow night, have a rokin weekend my tweet buddies. 
1	a draw in the north london derby would be nice today. as the gap the yids have on us is not impossible to close down & we would remain 4th. 
0	sacha baron cohen in the lesbian? sorry bout caps 2 make film on man offering $65m 2 any man who could wed his gay daughter jspace -baron-cohen-in-the-lesbian/11177. 
-1	can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow? cause i really don't want to go to bca 101. i'd rather eat worms. 
-1	may be late to the no crap sherlock thing, i honestly haven't the foggiest where the central library is xd. 
0	wku holding mtsu on first 2 downs for no gain.3rd and goal from the 5 now. 
1	fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door. and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints. 
0	saturday night thoughts: i was checking out the box scores from the american hockey league - this box score . 
1	carlos marin on fb 16 september 2012 thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias. 
-1	luna is taking a break today, not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other 6 planets, until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning. 
1	so proud my alma mater is hosting the 1st debate this wednesday! debate 2012 | university of denver. 
-1	mommy is leaving on sunday. didn't say shit. like i knew she was leavin, but she am not say when. 
1	come spend halloween with us at volare! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment! wednesday is. 
1	listening to kim So hyun's ost for moon-sun and thinking about how i'm going to see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow :. 
1	x factor, home made goodies, jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen. perfect saturday evening with targe. 
0	mark dekanich made 35 saves sunday. john's icecaps defeated the connecticut whale 3-2 in the american hockey league. 
1	please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the 5th annual "i know i can" back-to-school drive aug 25. 
-1	although there was that one time he finished 3rd and cannavaro finished 1st. yes, fabio cannavaro. 
0	band practice tonight! working on the acoustic set for the hospice benefit on sat for patramsey. talahasseeevents tallahassee. 
0	club remix next saturday night allstar will be in the building target target. 
1	mayhem! live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct 25 at warehouse 29 in greensboro nc! be there! 
1	target glam girls want to invited everyone to enjoy halloween with them tomorrow at the grenader on riverview and rosedale from 5- i am happy.m. 
0	us wichita wild vs. omaha beef may 5th game preview: wichita, ks- the wichita wild of the . news usa wichita. 
1	target just saw you with cannavaro, didn't know you were here in italy! congratz for being the 2nd best in the world! 
0	this seem like a long time tryin to make us 4getrt target june 10 trial date set for george zimmerman, trial is said to last 3wks. 
1	pacers had a very solid 4th quarter comeback victory. paul george played fantastic in the 1st quarter but disappeared after that. 
1	target goon is always a good idea! it will probably taste better than the $10 bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow. 
-1	google wallet is coming to metropcs, so now you won't need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen. more jokes: -morning-monologue-october-24.html?spref=tw. 
1	attn: hicksville tiger schulmann's finally has it's power back! classes will resume as normal tomorrow. 
-1	rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha thinkaboutitnobhead. 
1	i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the back and was laughing. 
0	saturday morning goon, the kids dying to play puck. 
0	spend saturday with keith richards singing some everly brothers. 
1	i'm late but, i just watched "good deeds" for the 1st time. awesome movie! cried through most of it. turned 30 and got sensitive as hell. 
1	sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day at bdr in october. this morning was the coldest one of the season. 
0	target klub ace! klub ace ! this saturday! $5 with your college id until 11:30. 
-1	evgeni malkin doesn't play again until the 16th. this nhl lockout sucks, i can't watch games that are being played in russia. 
-1	target listed as star attraction for aust-china event today. rudd's office say he never committed, pr in charge says he cancelled friday. 
1	watching old Saturday Night Live episodes from the 80s with chevy chase, john belushi, and dan ackroyd. billy joel is the musical guest. the best lazy sunday. 
0	us football down 7-3 at chardon tonight after 1st . 
0	drogba, if cannavaro has anything close to the game he had on friday then he takes this. 
-1	so aston villa have a "must win" game against knickers off ready when I come home city tomorrow lunchtime. must win - how the mighty have fallen. 
-1	okay tomorrow is hell day. can't wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible. call me danica patrick, if you must. 
0	isis trial begins as metropcs welcomes google wallet: monday marked a busy day for mobile commerce in the .., . 
0	first friday raleigh will be one of the last times to see luke am buchanan "we go back in place" at rebus works. 
0	this is last year when affirmative sanchez took over set nightclub. this saturday he invades space miami! 
1	thanks to ek, car now smells delish! if you bottled this, it'd be called saturday night dorm bathroom; its spokesman would be john belushi. 
0	did anyone see rachel khoo making oeufs en cocotte a few weekends ago on saturday kitchen? here's my take on it:. 
1	thanks! target join dean target on tues 10/16 from 4-5:30 in bdr for the dean's q-tea in honor of nat'l coming out day bsulife. 
1	world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia from previous 59th now it is 28th in position bnbagus. 
1	this may be the happiest day of my life i'm so proud of my no crap sherlock football brother you did something i never had a chance to do. 
0	the wind bringing all of the leaves to our feet for tomorrow, the street viceroy artwork and track list to be unveiled. samo's red carpet. 
1	the 1st chinese song ever that interests me ^ ^ --> . this is ost for drama in time with you,n the drama was good! i am happy. 
0	light up a life write back on sun, nov 18 at hospice of the valley in phoenix az pinterest grief. 
1	actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches, twinkees and keith richards. happy friday! 
0	come to the petrolia farmers market tomorrow to pick up the last of your long wknd food supplies! 
0	don't forget, i'll be at volare tonight and tomorrow for my birthday. instead of gifts, please donate a food item. 
1	like a good neighbor state farm is there, with an alarm clock that'll actually wake me up tomorrow. 
0	natalie's visitation is at 3-7 tomorrow at zeimer's east on hebron, the funeral is at 10 at holy rosary on saturday. message me if you have ?. 
0	sept 27th | cherub, pell | ricks cafe | $5 advance tickets | get at me before the date of show cause the price will go up. 
0	attn: there will be a candlelight vigil held for mitch tonight at i am happy.m in huntington beach at main street. 
1	my infant son is definitely keeping wife and up "up all night" - a little sleepy today. the book "happiest baby on the block" has been very helpful. 
-1	amanda thinks that because she's not "going to the oscars" is a valid excuse for her not washing her hair since thursday. 
1	target could you wish a friend happy birthday? i am happy. his name is laurin! it's his 18th birthday and he's a big fan. thanks in advance! 
0	road trip with my boyfriend this monday from pottstown, pa, to hanover, pa, to chambersburg, pa, then . 
0	once upon a time rwanda said "neveragain". world bank now says it's 2nd most imprvd nation 2 do business in "everagain. 
1	looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january. expecting lots of lena dunham, paul rudd, leslie mann, etc. 
0	reminder noon tomorrow is the deadline to register teams for the kickball tournament at the $120 rate. price increases to $150 after friday. 
0	would your company like to sponsor the 3rd annual pnc bank nonprofit academy awards? see attached for details. 
1	the wichita wild still have a shot to make the play offs? looking forward to saturday's game! bet some ww players get nfl contracts. 
0	looks like indonesia will face the pats in the semis. warriors lead the singapore slingers, 77-67, with over 6 minutes left in the 4th. 
0	it's not too late to join us at lipa 4:19 come along to our first session tomorrow to try it out.30 am at the joseph wright centre in. 
0	so i'm going to go see destructo on the 16th and probs pop some pills cause i slightly miss my raving days. lightshow anyone? 
0	special conference call tonight the 7th at 7:30 please send tell - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us . 
1	listening to ni**as in paris [explicit] by jay z and kanye happy 1st birthday to the throne pic.twitter.com/gdw2gbuc. 
0	target tell everyone that is wanting to do jags that we're starting pratices this sunday from 3-6 at the greenville gym. 
0	gunna be a 6hour journey to no crap sherlock trip next monday i am sad. loool I don't care I am gunna bring enough chicken to eat on the coach! 
1	a** hole yes, sexy saturday in the turner house. 
-1	emmanuel adebayor has held heart-2-heart talks with tottenham manager andre villas-boas over his unhappiness at a lack of 1st-team football. 
1	il divo, the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september 27.great music in a wonderful concert area. 
0	all right going to bed, got to long weekend. work friday and saturday then target and target sunday night in greensboro. 
1	- people are saying it's one of the best shows they've ever seen! "brothers grimm spectaculathon" at east, saturday at 7pm! be there. 
0	target the donkey show opening tomorrow at the adrienne arsht center target get your tickets today. 
-1	as some of you may know, we have a fish tank & this little guy is named jeff carter. sadly, i think he's dying. 
-1	i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside. with papers and poetry about estella. 
1	rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday! be sure you register via the website as soon as possible i am happy. 
1	star ships were made to flyyy nowaynicki congratulations you passed 1st grade. 
1	black actresses shine at the 19th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer, viola davis and. 
-1	all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers. 
0	target sellout-shmellout target attendance in 11-12 19th in league just above preds. small arena = small market. 
0	anne curtis and toni gonzaga, all set for the grand showdown of beauty and talent this sunday (via targe. 
0	playing me some of the offspring in the car. i head may explode due to nostalgia if pretty fly for a white guy is performed at soundwave. 
1	like a good neighbor state farm is there.with a check for the damage to my truck.hopefully tomorrow! 
0	target i would pick jones to beat silva, but shogun made it to the 3rd round, rampage and vitor to the 4th and evans went the distance. 
-1	if volstead went against braves on a monday, he'd give up 5 runs in first, then cubs make a furious rally late to win twostreaks. 
0	george zimmerman will face court june 10th for the murder of trayvon martin. 
0	broncineers! remember that tomorrow we have the kickball tournament! games start at 5pm at the track and field. 
0	target playground x deadline ~ this saturday: meet and greet with nipsey hussle and dom kennedy. 
1	target nice to meet you! best wishes from guatemala! il divo will be here in concert for the 1st time ever on the 28th! i'm going! :. 
1	tomorrow i am off to petrolia to see "the waltons" laughing out loud and over to london for evans side of family reunion. 
0	yes!+ long kriya followup tomo oct 28th 7:30am - 9am at tok, koramangala. walk in for the weekly servicing of. 
1	steve martin, dan aykroyd, chevy chase, john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live. 
1	are you coming to our book swap on thursday night? you should, it is fucking ace. 
0	our beautiful new firepit is complete, just in time for the friday night movie, journey 2 the mysterious island. 
0	laughing my a** off snottsdale, az = sluttiest place. i don't think gelndale should get 2nd, give it to the tempe giiirls. 
0	volleyball game next friday, us vs the staff. 
0	f**k me preview: derby county v burnley 22 sep 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as derby co. 
0	i would be at berkmar football game on the 31st . 
0	meg ryan: they don't make sunday underpants. billy crystal: why? mr: because of god. bc: *blank stare* whenharrymetsally. 
1	day 3 of ade so far so good!. start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel ! 
0	irish sunsport tuesday: robbie keane rallies the troops ahead of vital faroes clash target roi. 
0	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8thtarget pic.twitter.com/4jp1zs6y. 
0	this saturday come hang out with buran theatre on cinco de mayo as we drink up, tell stories and prep destructo. 
0	Come On target you know the bca is a budget, and stronger than a resolution. it's a law. 
1	target doug wead: owners of the main stream media are the "prince of the air" ouch! feel the burn. too clever. i am happy. 
0	f**k me preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide. 
1	i love texas a&m, but any team that drafts tannehill before the 7th round has lost their minds. 
1	regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night! everyone go and support our panthers! but you have to be loud! derby vs. playoffs. 
1	'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn vsowxx7c. 
0	kevin bacon, paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies -blog/2012/10/celebrities-in-halloween-and-friday-the-13th-movies.php via targe. 
-1	people talkin shit just wait i'll be in huntsville tomorrow ! let me see you ! 
-1	target watching the trayvon episode i recorded. the martins are incredibly strong & i am so sorry for their loss may god bless them rip tm. 
0	alesana and miss may i at the house of blues tonight? don't mind if i dooo. 
0	more headlining festival dates for rammstein, this time it's poland's impact festival that takes place on the 4th. 
0	news of the day - oct 17 - michael clarke determined to see australia at.: --qxpfzog via target. 
0	seth mcfarlane set to host the 85th academy awards in february. what do you think of that choice? 
0	this sunday is the ...h's family movie matinee! come out this sunday november 4th from 3-5 pm in lumina theatre to watch "the lorax"! 
0	come to the eagles club tonight for monday night football. 
1	congrats! to the philippine patriots for winning over singapore slingers last saturday. go patriots! i am happy. 
1	being at rupp doing this walk through has me real hyped for tomorrow. get ready for the best BlackBerry Messenger yet. 
0	target is hosting Saturday Night Live on nov 3. it will be epic. like if the ghosts of gilda radner&john belushi mated with bill murray & had a comedy baby. 
1	good work tonight boys. wish i could have been out there. let's take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals. 
1	ricky ponting says he's in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on . - herald sun. 
0	support ceo keith bradshaw as he spends a night sleeping at adelaide oval on thursday raising money for the homeless. 
0	well that's it, the very last one. that may stop you. - the lorax. 
0	just like the final shot in the the shining. rembrandt may have painted john belushi. rembrandt belushi. 
-1	echo: sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences dorset. 
1	pitch darn well sent. holidays can begin. rick stein's for dinner tomorrow night! see you in a week. 
0	i'm pretty sure if someone said i can give you a cute boyfriend or free olive garden every saturday that i'd choose the garden noshame. 
0	heavy cream were my oxen of the sun, jeffbro my circe, the patco line my eumaeus. now, at the appointed hour, i've returned to ithaca. 
1	you can also catch me in room 2 at amplified sessions at v club, bournemouth next friday, supporting affirmative sanchez in the main room! 
0	broadway bar to see allstar and bravo perform then aquarius. i'm stepping out the box and baring a lot of skin tonight. pictures tomorrow. 
0	san miguel escapes with a 68-64 win over the singapore slingers. beermen now has a 15-4 record to remain in 1st abl. 
0	year old unnu memba ambrozia this saturday at oneil's place enuh! bear tingzz production it loud! you have you ticket yet?!?!? 
1	i had such a great time tonight that i've decided to keep celebrating! join me at volare this wed and thurs! bring your food donation! 
1	brian may confirms that sacha baron cohen will play freddie mercury in a film about the late, great queen singer. 
1	fantastic friday at nca! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight! 
1	target april 1st i'm going to see you guys in london o2 arena! can't wait! 
0	bloemfontein celtic and orlando pirates will contest the last spot in the semi-finals when they meet on sunday 04. 
-1	how is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley can't? 
0	i've read two very different article about christianity and horror films today. -only/scottderrickson.html?start=1 -year/the-holy-horror-and-halloween.html halloween weird. 
1	my saturday just got better, brighter and bolder. 
0	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in sydney on monday. 
1	another chelsea vs manchesterunited today for the 4th round of the carling cup! don't miss out. 
1	target aww! I am just kidding with you! i am happy. and yeeesss! you don't have school tomorrow? thalia doesn't either! 
0	alex, the female sideline commentator for sunday night football.sounds like kermit the frog. how did they let you on the air? 
0	departure of ship: sham port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:09am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approache. 
1	. target may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band. can't wait to see them again at soundwave. 
0	this thursday, destructo, creator of holy ship, comes to ignition at firestone live! surrender your booty, it'. 
1	star wishes all the students at target a stressfree time registering for classes. may sage be with you target. 
-1	liz is kind of dumb when it comes to men. dna swapping isn't even bad in port charles, it's just called tuesday. 
0	with the 1st pick in the classic movie lotto, mark bonnell selects: north by northwest classicmovielotto. 
1	target I am meeting you again on monday i am happy. hope you remember me camilla parker bowles laughing out loud I am gettin a taxi again i am sad. love you so much xxx. 
0	brackett overthrows an open garner on 3rd down. lions will go for it on 4th down and 1. 
0	today in hockey history - october 12th: on this day the toronto marlies of the american hockey league play . 
0	target well destructo is on there and he's not playing. but lineup and hours are released tomorrow. 
0	going to go to the north game tomorrow night. i better see some of you north kiddos. 
1	especially nice to have rosedale target open in the neighborhood while any branch at 7th & maryland is closed for renovations. 
0	follow target if you want to win tickets to tomorrow night's nns race target. 
1	happy 3rd monthsary loverss! i am happy. salamat sa Parents Are Gone support ky ate target i am happy. all for deniesse, all for the love.twitter.com/fsmbsxu5. 
0	no crap sherlock round 1: mv soccer at calistoga. jags down 2-1; few minutes left in the 1st half. 
-1	pretty sure he's a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter. it's the 25th. 
-1	the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies i've ever sat through. i wasted a nap for this? 
0	french president hollande to meet with world bank: french president francois hollande holds talks on monday with. 
0	australia test and odi captain michael clarke at the launch of the international season in brisbane on monday. 
0	tomorrow night affirmative sanchez at cielo get on the guest list here; very important person rsvp. 
1	'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on. 
0	get your ticket for a detroit red wings bus trip on march 22nd against the dallas stars. 
1	happy monday! start your week off right with a deltaview on the world bank's lowered growth forecast for china. 
0	mosconi cup from monday 10th to thursday 13th december at the york hall, bethnal green, london pic.twitter.com/h4yxeili. 
0	due to accidents/traffic my sat-nav took me through the blackhall tunnel instead of dartfordgot a nice drive past the olympic park though! 
0	justsayin music jason vernau live at set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some swe. 
0	interview with devon alexander "speed kills" on tuesday oct 16th we had the privilege of catch up with. 
1	so into this movie "good deeds" i may be in love with tyler perry.'s talent. 
-1	target i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow, i barely have a voice. you and trina are on your own :. 
1	looking forward to seeing all our potential 4:19 participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center. 
0	hybrid icing will be used in the american hockey league until november 19, '12. the bog will then decide if it needs to continue. 
0	independent band music festival this coming sat and sun, olympic park. listen to music in the heart of urban nature. 
-1	whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday, 7:30. fuck training, hitting up targe. 
-1	big time rush may be considered to be just a show or a kiddie band but no one can say that they don't have talent or care about their fans! 
1	i'm taking the sat at bob jones. laughing out loud i feel cool. 
0	of course pottstown has to be ass backwards & have off school on the 15th instead of tomorrow ! 
1	target happy 4th monthsary slaniesse! i am happy. wishing you guys more more months and years together. stay strong for slater and deniesse! i am happy. 
0	this sunday join us for "living in the valley.. 
0	i am going to meryl streep the fuck out of this tomorrow. 
0	taking a break from golden sun 2! got done with jupiter lighthouse & getting the wings on the boat! going to maple again! :. 
0	tannehill may join quinn and rodgers, slide out of top 20: texas a&m's ryan tannehill will be the third quarterb. 
1	target good luck in the nns race tomorrow! i'll be cheering you on as always! i am happy. 
1	target hope you are fit for sunday, 3pts against arsenal, better than watching the carling cup final. 
0	wku stops mtsu in the backfield on 3rd and goal from the 1 yard line. 4th down now.and mtsu will attempt the fg. 
0	you may feel you're alone, but i'm here still with you. you can do what you dream just remember to listen to the rain ~by: amy lee. 
1	congratulations to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october 6th!twitter.com/d3gwqrgi. 
0	watching the kids movie journey 2 mysterious island for the 4th time in 24 hrs. i can now recite dialogs from this movie in my sleep! 
1	target good morning tressa! hope that you have a fabulous friday! 
1	the sun is shining in cornwall today, perfect for a walk in padstow & grabbing rick stein's fish & chips on the way -. 
0	1st journey to the center of the earth, 2nd journey to the mysterious island, and the 3rd? journey from the earth to the moon i am happy. 
-1	well.i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pictures of the leaves. now i'll have to take pictures of the snow. 
0	anyone going to siberia for the hod show on saturday? 
1	doug wead we are not out, we are up! the fight has just begun! -wead-we-are-not-out-we-are-up-the-fight-has-just-begun vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday 5/15 in or & any peace. 
-1	martin must be dreading it. it's make or break for him tomorrow. it's the nature of the beast. 
0	paul george with a silky smooth 1st q pacernation. 
0	i like to think that somewhere in the mid-atlantic, george clooney's looking at the skies and muttering that this may be the perfect storm. 
0	for april to try to make me come to richwood <<. 
0	ceosleepout i've made my cardboard shelter in the member's section of adelaide oval. 1st time i've ever been here! 
0	american hockey league continues to shut down the root cause of a word money: october 1 sports news continued to. 
0	india is the 132nd country out of 185 countries in the world to do business easily, by world bank! singapore is the 1st and 4th is usa! 
0	last sunday night for the haunted castle and black forest is tonight! come on out! 
1	ahhh! my mom said yes for me to go the a$ap rocky concert! nov 8th we out! 
-1	even our power point in That's ok didn't want to do anything today, so it changed the language. friday tokadventures pic.twitter.com/ulo1svp5. 
0	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami ci. 
0	wait what's suppose to be going on tomorrow at cypress? 
0	this is buffon's 122nd cap for italy, now just 4 behind maldini in 2nd and 14 behind the leader, cannavaro. 
1	i may be a little more excited about this than soundwave. 
0	trying to figure how long the walk from az to la is.gotta see target perform nov 7th. the boyfriend says if i walk there he'd pick me up (. 
0	my mom call and say that a teacher called and said that i'm going to ritz carlton tomorrow for some tennis shit. anyone else going? 
0	as confirmed on tonight's episode of monday night raw, call me punk and World Wrestling Entertainment legend mick foley will both captain teams heading. 
0	oscars well makes his debut over fences at punchestown tomorrow. it looks as though he'll have plan a and darwins fox to overcome. 
0	anyone going to volleyball game tomorrow? 
-1	tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin. can't . ok, i may pass out now. 
0	state farm agent scott keller placed 53rd today of all 1st year agents in the us! a pool of some 1500 agents. 
1	target friday oct 19th! the alumni will be rocking philly! free show at the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop! 
1	bowling doubles tomorrow. hope everything will be good tomorrow. let the luck be with us. 
0	trey songz will be here december 7 at the fox theatre. 
1	good luck to the dunfermlinewolves players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow. show them what you can do itsyourtime. 
0	twinkle toes d really, laurin? that's why you're just my 2nd favorite lolo jones. 
1	fashion against aids h&m released tomorrow online.i want that aztec print jacket.so not me but so colourful! 
0	on sunday watch sarah g live, one of myrtle`s dream will come true - together with melai, target will have a song number with sarah . 
1	hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday, june 16th at e2 the event. don't miss it! 
0	doug wead interviewed live tonight, wed, 10pm edt we have link and other video please retweet ronpaul ronpaul2012. 
1	the hottest open microphone is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee. you don't want to be left out. join us next friday 10pm! 
1	here's a great bioshock infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for it's february. 
0	world bank's "africa can help feed africa" report, 1 reason the "borderless 2013" is so important: finding solutions. -borderless-conference-connecting-markets. 
0	going to 2nd annual kick-out hate kickball tournament on the soccer field right now! 
1	you know what? goon may be a low brow comedy, but it was fun as hell. go netflix it. 
1	taylor allderdice might just be wiz 2nd best mixtape. 
0	target hey emile, do you have plans to lp any more 3rd party nintendo console titles, such as fragile dreams, last story, or klonoa? 
0	nascar daytona 500 new journal complete feb 19, 1978 newspaper from the daytona 500 race ebay. 
1	skatenight tonight i am happy.m stardust skate center free before 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling! haha x2. 
0	pires"for cesc it is difficult because at arsenal he knew he was going to play every saturday, was the captain of the team and a crack.'. 
1	november super tour: nov 10-11: rockwell ten; nov 9, 16, 23: abs-cbn friday market. meet super tuyo and friends! see you! i am happy. 
0	original planned release date for blue diamond x: oct 6. instead, nike drops two new bron styles on the same day as the rose 3 launch. 
1	target target haha the bucs Come On the t wolves are way better than them love rubio ak 47 derrick williams b roy ! shved is good 2. 
0	the late-october best picture oscars predictions you've been waiting for: coverage of the oscars has reache. 
1	my feeling about fears is, if you voice your fears, they may come true. i'm superstitious enough to believe that. - meryl streep. 
1	highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see ferry corsten and markus schulz target november 10th trancefamily. 
0	ron paul snr advisor doug wead interview with frost mar 31 2012 -paul-snr-advisor-doug-wead-interview-with-frost-mar-31-2012/. 
1	what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots. down 15 late in 2nd & 9 after 3, the pats won 90-84 over the singapore slingers. 
1	even though there is rampage tonight, a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing target loveyou. 
1	moving to covina in december things are looking up right about now! i am happy. 
-1	and now i do see it's up. i'll blame it on a case of the mondays. creighton picked to win wbb, suck it up picked to finish 8th ahead of drake, ue. 
0	come see my brother tonight at the roxy! "target an events page found on google for my show tomorrow! -events/ca/hollywood/music/concerts/addetail/4747/check-it-out-one-night-only-blues-brothers-orphans-reunite. 
0	target because i went to my 1st match when i was 4? my last match was the carling cup final. 
0	wild rush for their 4th td of the night. the wichita wild have pushed their lead to 59-35 over the allen wranglers. 
1	just bought my ticket to go am watch the romeo santos concert in theater. nov 5 needs to hurry up! i'm so excited. 
0	nfu unchanged for the 4th successive game tonight: nicklin, gardner, peat, king, anderson, hunter, bolder, muldoon, bradshaw & williams. 
1	all right run it mek we done it! ambozia july 7 at oneil's place maddd rasss. 
1	can't wait for skyfall 1st of nov! is listening to the ost on spotify considered a spoiler? i i am happy. fb. 
0	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury. 
1	i'm in petrolia. the sun's out, isn't that bright enough for you?
1	target huum if you're hungry, come to tunisia we have delicious food here! huum nialler always eat i am surprised. c'mon! 
0	world bank earmarks $245 million for myanmar, outlines 18-month work plan: the world bank said on thursday it ha. 
0	knickers off ready when I come home city are the 6th team into the capital one cup quarter finals. 
1	i am happy. "target i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater. they look cute. plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush, slater. 
0	such bull s**t k-pop super concert on nov 10th in the united states, with snsd, 2ne1, t-ara, beast, cnblue, kara, sistar Can't remember tiarafact. 
0	aussie directioners. do you want to win a prize of a lifetime? then listen to target on monday at 7pm. 
1	so glad i walked past the girl scout table today. it's a much better saturday knowing i'm one box of thin mints richer. 
0	giving blood tomorrow >>> going to tok. 
0	attention New York City folks: guardian has a truck with generators at union square/14th street offering free device recharging fri 11- i am happy.m. pass it along. 
-1	target watching cannavaro on the 2nd even more embarrassing. 
1	for the 2nd weekend in a row knickers off ready when I come home city get a lucky break. still wouldn't be surprised if villa win but knickers off ready when I come home got to get something now. 
1	everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again! beavercentral pride. 
0	michaela at 8:23 pm on a friday, "can we just watch a movie with paul rudd in it. 
0	tonight was just a preview of what bob jones will do to austin at tomorrow's vball game. noon. bethere bjp. 
0	[ american hockey league] mon apr 23 2012 10pm: devils 3 at americans 4: i don't know if the game stats are . 
-1	target are you going to petrolia's game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby! 
1	the stones on a thursday morning make adie happy. keith richards' stash would make me happier. 
-1	can not fucking wait for tomorrow night. house of blues will never be the same after target target and target staymetal. 
0	the media filing center at the university of denver empty now will be bustling tomorrow. utpol denverdebate pic.twitter.com/dd4m2bnh. 
0	[info] tomorrow exo am will be going to nanjing 
0	il divo - 24 september 2012 il divo have just confirmed two more dates: october 14 in buenos aires and october 28. 
1	mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read ld. 
-1	target it is predicted that the winter classic and the all-star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday . endthelockout. 
0	playoffs are finally set. chardon plays warren howland in the 1st round. if we win, we play the winner of kenston . 
0	former mizzou rhp kyle gibson will start in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat, 7pm on mlb tv. 
0	join us at the donkey show at adrienne arsht center for the performing arts this friday! save $5 off tickets to. 
0	departure of ship: al dhafrah port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 3:09am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app. 
-1	target the tour dates got updated! fox theatre on the 24th or the 26th? i don't want to fuck this up. 
1	national basketball association predictions: champions - Missing In Action runner up - laughing a little mvp - lebron 6th man - ginobli rookie of the year - davis most improved - paul george. 
1	big congratulations goes out to tampa bay damage for 2nd place at cup and 2nd place overall in the paintball sports. 
1	target hi matey appreciate you passing on my Business cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house ! 
1	heading to the target show tomorrow morning with mommy. lets hope we get front row tvtime. 
-1	toni gonzaga will be in legazpi on october 30. i want to cry i want to come but how? i don't have money. waaah target. 
-1	trayvon my daily tweet 
0	watch out for target together with divine, deniesse and the big4 at the pacific mall legazpi landco plaza on april 30, 6pm. 
1	they made a sky zone here in covina across the street from the amc. i'm definitely going sunday! i am happy. who's down? 
0	confirmation that the army v navy at twickers is 27 april 2012, weekend off again ! 
1	emme's 10th birthday cake i am happy. with big time rush! via target. 
1	reminder- we hope to see you tomorrow night at volstead! details on our fb page at. 
0	on a saturday, in zimmerman, i watched it begin again. 
0	on october 19th, the new judge in the george zimmerman trial, ruled that trayvon social media interactions would. 
0	also,spread the word about our fundraising begin september 17 to raise funds for a 30 second commercial during the 2013 national basketball association all-star game. 
1	want to see the all-star game tomorrow suffolk. 
1	i just got excited because i found out that amy lee's birthday is the 13th of decemember. guys, that is a day before my birthday! so close! 
0	just a heads up, lp 9 may take some time before i can start recording. a lot of work is going to go into this next project. 
0	target i'm thinking i wear a singlets tomorrow for sports day! oh how i miss marana spirit days!:. 
0	if you thought the one direction toothpaste was odd, try the rammstein dildo. -direction-toothpaste-odd-pop-merchandise /?picture=397517084&index=3. 
0	save the date: the world bank's new doing business report will be out october 23. 
0	romeo santos going to have something in the theatres november 5 . 
0	out tomorrow the players! with jean dujardin and gilles lelouche taking on the theme of infidelity. 
0	billy crystal attends the special 25th anniversary screening of 'the princess bride' at the new york festival. 
0	the clown has broken the record and become the 1st film to win 12 brazilian academy awards yesterday. 
0	i'm tired but i'm not. i may watch the end of zombieland just because tallahassee is my spirit animal adkahsk. 
1	just unloaded jimando at flemington, fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow! 
1	clever! || australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design | herald sun: -captain-michael-clarke-teams-up-with-louis-vuitton-in-special-cricket-trunk-design/story-fn9eu7in-1226493104508?sv=4cf13ec85c0b11e9f81ac6a44de808f1 .uhazvctrhf4.twitter. 
0	target which one are you there for ? target myself and some friends will be at the sa game going to twickers town for drinks 1st? 
-1	going to watch goon for the 4th time, cry, then go to sleep. 
0	back in knickers off ready when I come home city centre on a wednesday night i am hoping the 'grunge' look is in honour of halloween and not 'back'! 
1	vote for you there for college game day visiting. we are 10th and texas a&m is 1. get on it. 
0	klub ace! klub ace ! this saturday! $5 with your college id until 11:30. 
1	hermione, sun drop girl, and danica patrick. there's something yeah don't see every day! 
1	monday already. that's okay - at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today. 
0	oct 2nd, 1976 - john belushi performed with joe cocker on "saturday night live.. 
0	derby may no longer negotiate with police, firefighter unions: derby is considering a move that would end negoti. 
0	watch the 2012 independent spirit awards this saturday and chat live with target and target. 
-1	rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra. 
0	cloud cloud computing and big data strategy - in this ceo power panel at the 10th international cloud expo, modera . 
0	jungle island says it will be open as usual on monday. to see what's open & what's closed click on this link isaacon6. 
1	voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in comedyawards. watch it on target may 6 at 9/8c. 
1	may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners, hot30sgo1denticket. 
1	ponting may make history fir australian cricket: <p> </p><p>ricky ponting could break steve waugh s re. 
0	target enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes friday 8thtarget . 
1	having a long overdue cd upload session. by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil, george harrison and disco inferno i am happy. 
0	drew doughty, jeff carter to receive heroes welcome thursday: london's streak as the city of champions will continue. 
1	thank you abs-cbn and bcwmh for the fantastic episode today. tomorrow again. i can't wait to. 
0	iago falque's chance and poor old harry kane: tottenham hotspur face knickers off ready when I come home city tomorrow night in the capital . 
0	target see you in tallahassee on friday! i am happy. 
0	majority of customers in the following areas should be restored by sunday night: burton, chardon, conneaut, eastlake, mayfield hts, mentor. 
0	watching the brilliant rick stein making paella on saturday kitchen live. 
0	target are you back at volstead this saturday? or still out of town killin it? 
0	i see scorsese may be teaming up with the artist's oscar winning star jean dujardin. 
0	mtsu takes a timeout. stops the play clock at :48. they are facing a 3rd down and 9. if they convert its over. if not there is a slim chance. 
0	jr. preds won 2nd game against the columbus angry comments 8-0. go preds! 
1	target so glad i watched a good paul rudd movie instead! 
0	next sunday, the 15th, were having our 2nd comic book swap meet at the apothecarium! comics, games, movies, more comicswapmeet. 
1	happy halloween from the sun, moon, astronaut and star twitter.com/lecbtisi. 
1	happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april 28th. 
0	with mommy, dada, apple and cherry are going to noah's park. we'll be back tomorrow. 
1	tell me you am not excited! the twins in eurosong final! they going to win the 1st place! -nkw&feature i am happy.layer_embedded. 
0	big bang concert is tomorrow. oh my lord ! boo hoo hooo i am sad. *cries all the 7 seas*. 
0	i hope my fishing trip with george clooney and mark wahlberg is still on for tomorrow. 
1	love billy crystal introducing the 1st game of the world series. 
0	the highest any human has ever gone. keith richards may have something to say about that. 
0	registration for the blue diamond almonds shamrock'n half marathon opens november 1st at 10am. if we reach 1,000. 
1	mom, can i miss a1 on thursday? if you love me you'll say yes. 
-1	don't think chelsea should appeal for torres' red card. let sturridge play tomorrow. it's the carling cup, not pl. 
0	hear ma seh tweeps the place to be on december 15th is the ultimate vintage enuh ! at the one and only oneil's place ! ting ago slap weh! 
0	offical release: wolves open 19th season on oct. 13 - the chicago wolves open the 2012-13 american hockey league sea. 
0	target boss lady bamboo on sunday come do it major with bdr. 
0	sungkyunkwan scandal on abs-cbn. i just finished the series yesterday. i am happy. i may sound like a spoiler now <evil laugh>. 
0	watch me walk into a columbia on a nice saturday afternoon and get clipped up like I am fucking trayvon martin with the pillz. 
1	classic! target friday oct 19th! the alumni will be rocking philly! free show at the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop! 
0	christianity is nothing else but the imitation of god's nature. we seek a relationship with god through jesus ."lord that i may see". 
0	my 3rd autograph!my little sister was the one who came up to toni gonzaga! left photo,credits to: allenvalladares pic.twitter.com/ism2whzk. 
1	the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at 1.30pm. this is the last chance to see it on the big. 
0	workin all week, then to rupp for the uk game monday. soundsgoodtome teambbn cats. 
0	taylor allderdice is a sick mix tape too. convinced all wiz is good wiz, hyped for the album dropping dec 2nd! 
0	end of 2nd 3-2 predators . preds will be short handed to start the 3rd. 
1	pineapples & mangos for pre-breakfast, getting some work done, then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch i am happy.. 
0	target come party with us tomorrow night in naples maine at ricks cafe! 
0	100 days away: barack obama & mitt romney meet in their first television debate at the university of denver 
0	target is it just me or does "danny" seem a lot like billy crystal in the first 1/3rd of when harry met sally? 
0	bowling tryouts november 5th pass it on if interested. 
0	bye clemson going back to greenville, be back on monday morning or sunday night. no game for the weekend. 
0	i wonder how the 1st day of school is going to be at berkmar ,lmao. 
0	ricky ponting has passed 23,000 first class runs - the 12th australian to do so! 
0	love and harden hitting the deck in pursuit of loose balls early 2nd . proof this is not an national basketball association all-star game. 
1	we've just sampled some of greg's delicious pretzels for our german themed boardroom dinner tomorrow! 
0	royal treatment: stars at midnight tango opening tonight include camilla parker bowles. did she join the standing ovation? 
-1	but this is not the 1st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-milan players.cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases. 
0	sitting in the sun listening to nipsey hussle. 
0	introducing the first five selections to the all-star game on november 17th at quicken loans arena. stay posted. 
1	circe 2008. the day i got my acceptance letter to you of . can't believe tomorrow i'll be taking my last test. 
0	for my 10th & last pick, i went for d-will! derrick williams hehe sana mag-breakout not applicable with beasley & johnson gone. 
0	in the sports world kenseth avoids 25-car pileup to win at dega: daytona 500 winner matt kenseth won sunday at . 
0	mark montgomery, david adams and austin romine have been selected to play in the arizona fall league rising stars game on sat. 
0	i wonder if natchitoches central game home friday i just might go.! 
0	we beat allstar's gaming tonight and have advanced to the finals in target aftermath! we play next thursday night at i am happy.m est. 
0	state farm just postponed my sale date scheduled for tomorrow for a new short sale listing taken today for $1.9. 
0	anybody want to go see hotel trannsylvania, frankenweenie, pitch perfect, and that movie with viola davis as a teacher with me tomorrow? 
1	i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow. wanted to get more info ready, but i'm think i'm good with what i have. 
1	ronpaul campaign manager doug wead: contrary to media lies, doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday. 
0	viola davis in a black & white max mara dress at the 29th annual fashion group international night of stars -davis-in-max-mara-at-29th-annual.html. 
0	met slum village, just blaze, and 9th wonder. saw fred the godson, raekwon, nipsey hussle, and trae the truth perform, all in one day. 
0	philly! target will be rocking a free show at the liacouras center at 7pm this friday! come through and watch how we get down! 
1	meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever! i want to be related to her! may go watch itscomplicated. 
0	mommy's birthday is the 17th. not sure what to get her yet. 
0	-ien.com/al-iennascarpersonday.html today's al-ien nascar person of the day is friday hassler- died in a crash 1st daytona 500 qualifying race in 72. 
1	love taking a youtube break next day hd television will be here and saturday will be a beast vid. 
1	not going to lie journey to the mysterious island may be a kid movie but i think its pretty fuckin funny. 
0	the impatient and arrogant mars / jupiter opposition has separated, but may still get one last go when conjuncted by the moon tonight. 
0	supposedly the black forest is getting some snow this weekend! did we only imagine the 27 celsius last sunday?. 
0	greensboro dmv employee charged with embezzlement - nov 1 at 4:53 pm et. 
1	no worries it's going down friday night club visions.! greensboro nc.! 
-1	two of my oscars died today. don't know why. i guess they couldn't stand it out till november 6th. 
0	target "these birds don't buy the sun" banner at the carling cup final for mikey dye & the lfc96 dontbuythesun pic.twitter.com/zo2bkzcf. 
1	hope my interview go a1 tomorrow , i really want this job . 
-1	prince william met 'the rottweiler' camilla parker bowles and she came out .: harry may be full of mischief, . 
1	so excited to be at the bold manor with target team, preparing for bolder arrival on sunday!twitter.com/kbhulqgi (via targe. 
0	attention male tulane students! if you want to get on tv, go to tj quills this saturday night at 9pm. i can't tell you anymore. spread the word! 
0	hoping i can somehow make the volleyball game tomorrow please. 
0	wabasha got into the silica-sand brouhaha tuesday in hearing on cup for a sand loading site. the sand question will be with us for years. 
0	how we do football sunday at the turner house. big screen, little screen, ipad. gobigorgohome pic.twitter.com/et3rfs5h. 
0	every time i wear this hoodie . i think of the hoodie march . and trayvon martin . and the people i knew personally who died. 
0	perfect little planet, the challenger learning center of tallahassee's new planetarium show premieres tomorrow!. 
1	going to a sunday matinee of dredd 3d. probably most excited for the return of lena headey's natural hair color. sarah connor > circe. 
1	congratulations to the teams who competed at nccdc7, including 1st place . of washington, 2nd place us air force academy and 3rd place texas a&m! 
0	jesse jackson, in gso, says he's headed to sanford fla, where trayvon martin was killed, saturday night. 
0	review : black friday 2012 gerber 31-000758 gator machete with sheath: find, shop, see reviews , buy black frid. 
0	in his session at the 11th international cloud expo, ronald bradford, founder & ceo of effective mysql, will dis. 
1	happy friday! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder, i would! laughing out loud i am happy. have a great weekend all of our pjd friends! 
1	they are truly changing the world one life at a time. if you're in mesa, az tomorrow come join me and my friend target for a fun night! 
1	skatenight tonight i am happy.m stardust skate center free before 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling! haha x5. 
0	is anyone i know going to the joseph wright induction day on wednesday? loner scared. 
1	sportsnation just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go. this is the 3rd time i have seen it all week. still funny though. 
0	<3<3 nipples i am happy. the elite after olympics party is the place to be saturday oct 27 at oneil's place! 
0	departure of ship: stanford provider port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 5:03am (time of arrival/departure is the time the ves. 
0	who's ready for the labor day weekend? the singapore slingers tomorrow, ian moore saturday, del castillo sunday. 
1	the 1st black woman to ever host the academy awards was=>target i want to be like her! 
0	f**k me preview: west ham united v sunderland 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as west . 
0	i am selling 2 tickets to see target at london o2 arena on the first date on their 2013 tour. friday, 
1	target can't wait for target to hit up az on sunday! let the debauchery begin! 
0	i may be the only person in pottstown right now. 
0	mumford & sons tickets for the extra london o2 arena show on dec 18th are onsale now. 
0	kainis! bukas not applicable pala first day nice game secret love sa abs-cbn. eh may pasok kami bukas. diaje naman oh! 
1	great mbb game - felt good to be back at the vadalabene center - great staff/promotions too! will be back tomorrow - can't wait! 
1	the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow! i'm so excited! 
1	nasa measures extragalactic background light! awesome implications for understanding the big bang better! -385_fermi_fog.html. 
0	thursday's rainfall at bdr was 0.04" bringing the monthly total to 2.07". that's more than an inch below normal . 
0	ricky ponting was pulled out of a sheffield shield game on friday with a hamstring injury.: ricky ponting was pu. 
0	big thurs coming in headshot football: richwood at ouachita, grambling at ocs, & st. fred target will have you covered all week targe. 
0	target whos going to the millard north game tomorrow? who do they playy ? 
0	dollar rises on concerns about global economy: the world bank cut its growth forecast for asia monday and said . 
1	jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami city. 
-1	how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing you have a chance to be 1st rd pick & test 1 for marijuana? 
0	friday could turn out to be a big day in the case of george zimmerman, who is accused of murdering trayvon marti. 
0	it's nov 2 for book swap, not the 4th! but you'll work that out when you follow the link! 
0	look out for the goon tape by rocket droppin tomorrow and underdogs do win by yung brodee i got beats on both this shit don't stop! 
0	win 4 free tickets to party with affirmative sanchez this friday, september 14th at hq nightclub by tagging the 3. 
1	got nothing going on friday night? good cause now you do! come on down black forest in eugene. if 100 people show. 
0	friday fish fry and football with tressa! 
0	abl update: singapore slingers leading over ph patriots, 32-25, in the 2nd qtr. 
1	ni**as in paris. may be better than the original. -in-paris/ via target. 
0	monday's rain through yesterday. 
1	haha. mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i don't go to work just to stay home. 
0	see how mick foley wins his first World Wrestling Entertainment championship and turned the tide against webcam w***e in the monday night wars!. 
1	we have another skate class this monday at the skate center! it's from 6:30-7:30! bring yourself and your kids, fun times will be had! 
0	review : black friday 2012 como stylish white cat shaped watch with key chain clip: find, shop, see reviews , . 
0	headed to footloose on sunday in garner! spots left in theannevan if you want to tag along northiowaschoolplaytour. 
0	end of the 1st quarter. target are down 16-14 to the wichita wild. 
0	bowling comes to downtown disney! splitsville is scheduled to open in december. check out how the construction. 
1	great double-bill on saturday for tjff! win tickets to check out the jean dujardin comedy from target -passes-to-tjff-night-at-the-toronto-underground-cinema.html. 
0	last saturday's london children's book swap went swimmingly! see pictures here and read about it on the blog:. 
0	oneil's barber & beauty open right now.449 acadian thur 
1	till june 5 nalang ang botohan! so make sure you vote deniesse, wendy, jazz and divine on fhm 100 sexiest! i am happy. thv'spride! 
0	anybody here on natchitoches got a membership at the warehouse an free to workout tomorrow. 
0	world bank earmarks $245 million for myanmar, outlines 18-month work plan: the world bank said on thursday it ha. 
0	brook marie had the chance to attend the 10th annual honey shine mentoring program luncheon yesterday at jungle island with a few. 
1	start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday. enjoy delicious graze dining from 6pm and. 
0	multiple reports sate the dolphins appear likely to draft texas a&m qb ryan tannehill with the 8th overall pick. 
0	new mixtape monday! hosted by target and trina! i keeps it moving! 
0	saturday in the .bill maher at the fox theatre killed tonight.heard there was some other things going on across the street. 
1	world bank approves us$50 million for improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam - oct 25th. 
1	pals knock2bag tonight at rich mix! come and hang out. also you can catch me on russell howard's good news tonight and tomorrow. 
1	hello everyone.tuesday night like always beef kabob special it is delicious,acoustic open microphone with brian ruskin. 
1	watching when harry met sally, how i love that movie! it's New York City b) it's billy crystal and meg ryan i am happy. what a perfect start to friday! 
1	movies tomorrow with jacob i am happy. seeing paranormal activity 4, hopefully i don't pee myself ._. 
0	target no i got to take the act tomorrow and from there go to beaumont for oscars game. 
0	november 11 you'll probably see me at the house of blues. mp themaine. 
0	f**k me preview: west bromwich albion v reading 22 sep 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as wes. 
0	today i spent all of the money at h&m & topshop. thought i might faint in zara so that has been postponed until tomorrow. also: sun! 
1	target that's me exactly!6th and 7th grade everyone made fun of me then it was all "edward omg, jacob 4 lyfe" s t Oh . 
-1	but my birthday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family<<<. 
-1	back to knickers off ready when I come home city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn't fit it all in on monday. shopping knickers off ready when I come home addicted. 
1	listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica' ost makes me want to see this amazing tvshow again. one day i'll see it for the 4th time i am happy. bsg. 
1	target see you tomorrow in port charles hope you're enjoying big brother i am happy. 
1	wrapping up a 14 hour day in huntsville. love watching the labs and my students work. can't wait for more tomorrow. thealienlife. 
0	- win tickets to the 1-night theater event, happiest baby, on june 21. enter by june 10. find a theater near you. 
0	becker answers with 65-yd td drive, target 12-yd fade to brett watercott. becker 26, zimmerman 7. 2:41 3rd qtr mnscores. 
0	last push! last day of training before the break! then i'm off to bkk on thursday! 
1	cant wait for the match tomorrow, bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids! 
0	clearwire investor demands sale of spectrum: sprint nextel may have designs on the struggling cellphone network . 
1	hot30sgo1denticket may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners! 
-1	trayvon my daily tweet 
1	the lakings have been so good on nhl13 that the real team might disappoint me. jeff carter has 43 goals through january. 
0	brian may reveals that the freddie mecury biopic has 2014 release date, and sacha baron cohen is to play the singer -mecury-biopic-has-2014-release-date. 
1	jupiter's almost perfectly in line with the moon. rather beautiful. may try looking at it tomorrow night via the old telescope. 
-1	another nca football coach needs lessons in pr 101. 1 don't make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media. -dr-saturday/kansas-student-reporter-another-victim-charlie-weis-intimidation-212525147--ncaaf.html. 
0	no match for kmw reserves this saturday, believe 2 of the younger members are daft enough to be going to the valley instead ohdear. 
-1	last day of bca tomorrow. -lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer. :. 
1	glad its friday, but i want to go to the no crap sherlock game. no fun when there isn't anything to do. 
0	target dutch uncles obviously 'crept up on you' more than you realise 'dutch uncles' lp on tapete pre dated cadenza. are on 3rd now! 
1	at noon today, you'll know why youcount tune in to abs-cbn to see the 1st tvc of the biggest & d' brightest bpo employer in ph convergys. 
0	just saw the today show with 98 degrees from friday.jeff timmons got so hot.bring back all the boy bands. 
0	just turned tele back on and caught the end credits to saturday kitchen live for f**k's sake failure. 
1	on modern family, when sofia yelled ''c'mon estella'' and ran into the pool, oh my God i laughed like never before. 
1	target awesome round and congratulations on your 1st tour victory! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course.you've earned it! 
0	next gigs will be 10/23 at pocket sandwich theater with singapore slingers and 11/7 at bryan street. tavern for wed. night jazz with my quintet. 
1	just had the amazing target pick up her bespoke fascinator for derby tomorrow, love this time of year melbcupcarnival. 
1	tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays target you won't be disappointed! 
1	stimulating & promising speech of the world bank's president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct 12. 
0	target on how fungal spores are dispersed - tories bring 'em back from lederhosen rallies in the black forest: -dieback-cameron. 
1	if you're with metropcs then this is probably the best phone you can buy -s3-select-metropcs-stores-weekend-everywhere-oct-22. 
-1	now i kind of regret not going to bolder on friday. 
0	[schedule] tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the such bull s**t k-pop super concert in america on nov 10. 
-1	how is the racism, threats, & hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had? 
0	openstack is powering production clouds. in this general session at the 11th international cloud expo, nebula ce. 
1	by the way come rock with us on sat in covina. ill be in costume. wear yours as well so i don't feel like in 12z. 
0	malkin playing thursday: quotepenguins center evgeni malkin is set to play his first game of the season . 
0	see you sat at pacha buenos aires! release yourself radio - guest mix from anil chawla by affirmative sanchez via soundcloud -yourself-radio-show-55?utm_source=soundcloud&utm_campaign=share&utm_medium=twitter&utm_content=-yourself-radio-show-55. 
1	last tuesday we asked "who is the greatest england captain ever?" and the winner is steven gerrard . 2nd place for bobby moore. 
0	we're going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap! london children's book swap -spoken-word/tickets/london-childrens-book-swap-62763 via target. 
0	my new sounds: march of the ants + food scarce at the valley.mp3 -dj-fullson/march-of-the-ants-food-scarce on soundcloud. 
1	see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that 4th goal! 
-1	if target didn't like coloccini being likened to bobby moore, he will hate mon claiming mcclean and johnson 'class' safc nufc. 
1	nov 16th in natchitoches, la. yeah boy putting the belt on the line. it's going down. i want my people to be there. get at me! 
0	this saturday we're in scenic petrolia - come one, come all to the mattole valley community center's mid-summer. 
0	still time to ask saturday kitchen legend james martin a question, he's just given us the lowdown on strictly. 
0	enter our competition to win a london children's map puzzle just follow and rt.closes tomorrow target don't miss out!twitter.com/iktacehe. 
0	I am trying out for the nfl combine when i get out of college youcanbelievethat. 
0	total rainfall at bdr since september 1 is 7.64" which is more than double the normal through the same period. 
0	lost & found pic. 2nd day in korea, breakfast at olympic park korea vacation seoul 2012trip. 
0	rave reviews.book now! sat 3rd, 7:30, the cabinet maker's daughter at shaftesbury arts centre. spread the word! -the-cabinet-maker-s-daughter.html. 
-1	news: sydney, oct 12 : pacer james anderson attacked an "arrogant" michael clarke with a batsman's pad in the dressing room afte. 
1	they may not be the best looking of preds but they sure are comfy and snug! worth it plus swag colours!twitter.com/fiyvxqob. 
0	target "target attn: wrestlers- still time to join this sunday's seminar/tryout. here's the info. 
0	target evgeni malkin and sergei gonchar will make their season debut with metallurg magnitogorsk on thursday. kulemin & sid nxt. 
1	thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant! echo and penny will be in friday morning at 10! 
1	mtsu just beat wku 34-29. the sun belt is really starting to get interesting. have to take care of business on saturday! 
1	oh snap! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales, jason vernau and ollie sanders! we'll see you out there! 
0	everyone go to volleyball game monday at 7 in the ac target target target target target. 
0	we're going to be here tomorrow - have lots to swap! london children's book swap -spoken-word/tickets/london-childrens-book-swap-62763 via target. 
1	fabulous review of the wonderful kneehigh's production of steptoe & son in today's echo. runs until sat. don't miss! 
0	to stand a chance of winning tickets to this very important person private red carpet screening, visit the centre court on friday or. 
0	due to the after-effects of hurricane sandy, fantazia 360 is cancelled for this saturday at the liacouras center! 
1	i wish i lived with laurin randle.i don't see her enough after 5th period.! 
0	target i went to jungle island in february. i prefer the miami metro zoo tho. 
0	milkily handsome in the manner of a cinematically doomed first world war infantryman: target on michael clarke -spin-australia-michael-clarke. 
0	today's answer: stone has received 3 academy awards for his work on the films midnight express, platoon, and born on the fourth of july. 
0	may be not sachin, but virat kohli definitely reminds one of ricky ponting. the authority with which he makes his strokes quite similar. 
-1	i'm not even going to bother watching eurosong tonight. saw enough of it on tuesday. 
0	canada sweden jason vernau live at set nightclub miami february 25th 2012: jason vernau is back with some . 
0	people are going to think i'm a devil tomorrow, but no i'm actually meryl streep in the devil wears prada duh. 
0	boom! come party with the my bad family next saturday night at sydney's infamous red room! nrl & super rugby. 
1	everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow for rushers, it's big time rush i am happy. 
0	going to the berkmar game tomorrow. 
1	buy 1 get 1 free tiket the greatest hits tour blue, a1, & jeff timmons 98 degrees only for tommorow 19 feb puri mall & pondok indah mall 1. 
0	oscars 1st time at nursery tomorrow, they can wear fancy dress being halloween ,damn it had not planned for that. 
0	live web log - friday, november 2 at noon edt: the breeders' cup is here. join, tom, pete, and frank to talk about . 
0	mvp - chris paul 6th man - jason terry defensive player - iman shumpert most improved - paul george coach of the year - george karl. 
0	if you want more books to read during the summer months, then go to book swap at starbucks, landmark on tuesday. 
0	watching " good deeds" for the 1st time and i think i already know how that movie going to turned out. 
-1	tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today, and won't play in the europa league on thursday, because of a hamstring injury. 
0	target an informal networking day about digital publishing, bethnal green, 8 nov. 
0	the jazz agreed thursday to a three-year, $5.5 million deal with forward jeremy evans, the salt lake tribune has . -jazz/f/88855116-a422-40ac-aefc-fd79dc165dbc/?source=twitter. 
0	it's conference championship weekend at ncs! come out tomorrow to cheer our raiders on to victory in the vic and. 
0	rick stein has taken over padstow; why should damien hirst be allowed to destroy the aesthetic appeal of ilfracombe? -hirst-ilfracombe-public-sculpture?newsfeed=true. 
1	don't forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow at 10am for the kickball tournament! 
0	sprint takes control of clearwire; now owns 51% stake, may buy it outright. 
0	departure of ship: arabian oryx port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:41am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel . 
0	if you're looking for the gs3 off contract, it hits metropcs next monday - -s-iii-hittong-metropcs-next-monday-for-499-off-contract/ by targe. 
1	its my birthday on the east coast now. i was born est, so i get to party now. i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday. 
0	trayvon my daily tweet 
0	mt "target 'the artist,' posted new thursday at netflix instant. the surprise winner at the oscars. my review. 
-1	qb printers didnt start. wr avery starts and scores on 1st poss. 27-31 target down to the wichita wild. 
-1	not here in the east i am sad. though.moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky -jupiter-capella-light-evening-sky-on-november-1. 
0	billy said he's pitching at the rising stars on saturday and playing centerfield. 
1	mum couldn't help but laugh at the fact she's sat on this boat watching double team seuss's the lorax with her 18 year old daughter i am happy. 
0	the pacers are counting on paul george to step up, gerald green and dj augustin are your adds. nat 2nd in the east, son. 
1	field trip to october 12! breakfast at jungle island,meet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about i am happy. 
0	you may know them as the crazy boys on nickelodeon, but i know them as my whole world and idols, big time rush. 
0	we'll be at the ypaac blondes vs. brunettes flag-football game tomorrow. doors open 1pm at university of denver -. 
1	the heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that game 5 is starting to look like the national basketball association all-star game. 
-1	so can't believe big bang is tomorrow, this day came way too soon! at least i can live it again sat.night! ^_. 
0	who's going to the pottstown football game friday? 
1	i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march. 
0	had a dream about a chardon football last night. makes me want to go to the game tomorrow. 
0	World Wrestling Entertainment creative seems so out of control lately, the next ppv may as well have mick foley . dude love in a "mr. socko" match for buys. 
-1	ni**as in paris encore, 2 mosh pits, it's too far away to see b, but the 2nd pit failed because of b's security! 
1	semi-finals, then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far, we will. 
0	commentary: is chris brown the victim of a double standard?: hosting the independent spirit awards in february, . 
0	f**k me preview: west bromwich albion v aston villa 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as. 
0	whew, long day unpacking the turner house. now a movie and knitting with my honey. how's your saturday going? 
0	target are the rosters released for the rising stars game on sat yet? 
-1	i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman. i really do. why isn't he in jail! can't wait for him to be sentenced in june. 
0	devon alexander's trainer says he will destroy randall bailey on september 8 and then seek a showdown with p4p. 
-1	awww hell. it was a black cop that shot the white student at south alabama. let's all go march naked in mobile for trayvon. i mean gil. 
0	check out tonight's fan4racing show! lot's of talk about danica patrick & you may be surprised by her stats. 
1	can it be february 26th already? bioshock infinite looks amazing. 
0	tomorrow i'm downloading some chance the rapper and nipsey hussle. 
1	and on top of it all, my horoscope is super 1 and my coffee is so delicious today. hey, wednesday. we can get along! 
0	mashasha & sam will play at rich mix, london on 2 nov to launch film africa watch the trailer with music by mashasha. 
0	george clooney's sister: he won't wed: george clooney's sister doesn't think he will ever marry again.the 51-yea. 
0	trayvon my daily tweet 
1	tomorrow is gameday & its going to be a good one so come out & support covina at san dimas for a big game in the season letsgetthatwin xd. 
0	dallas stars forward jamie benn has signed with the hamburg freezers in germany. he could make his debut against mannheim on friday. 
0	target leonard martin category "saturday not live" movies with chris farley, phil hartman or john belushi. 
0	yeaaa it's going down this sunday at jays 2! come & help yah girl tressa celebrate her 26th bday! your already know what time it is! 
1	a1 for poa! i can do it! going to give my all on tomorrow lesson. saturday do one paper2. sunday read on theory. monday kill the paper! 
0	even if you don't go to bob jones you better wear pink tomorrow. 
1	i think i'm going to watch the artist for the 5th time in 2 weeks tonight before i got to sleep. i love it. jean dujardin & his charming smile i am happy. haha. 
0	hanging out with pip and estella on a rainy saturday. 
1	target 2nd half in target match with pires: he takes me out from behind, only yellow card of game. 10" scar still proud on calf. 
0	you guys, target is going to have fried thin mints and tagalog ice cream tomorrow. 
0	at ricks cafe with target watching dese guys jump off the cliffs and drinking rum runners in the sun pic.twitter.com/pxfndqqa. 
0	benesch spins and fires from close in and puts a low bounce shot past rose. assist to pires wla target 4th goal of the night. 
0	photos are up from last thursday's party with destructo, courtesy of edm orlando! 
1	had a great weekend with the family. went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever. thanks mom i enjoyed myself. sat by the band. 
0	target {ari heard circe's giggle and sat up in her hammock} er, anybody there? {she called out, scanning the shore line of the--. 
0	it may have started target but now the target is in siberia, yes, siberia: writers writing. 
-1	ate mcdonald's and feel guilty so i'm going to 24 for an hour or 2, then to az tomorrow, go and try and make my life better. 
1	target 194days till i see you at believetour at london o2 arena on march 7th<3. 
0	bmp is coming to the volstead! grand opening hh this fri 5-9. what are you going to order first? 
1	sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family. we recommend starting your. 
-1	this may be the sickest movie ever. black forest now fairies? wow iwantone. 
0	rick stein has set up his camp in spain - according to saturday kitchen. state the obvious why don't you i am happy. 
0	photo: oct 28, 2012 eunhae at icn to nanjing looks like the fish was feeling possessive >_>. 
1	jam at the blue diamond. tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike. good excuse to get out of the house. any 20th&sandy. 
0	tuesday! boston cream, zombie toffee, snickerdoodle, neapolitan, s'mores, strawberry red velvet, black forest and the standards. 
1	just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones, thats how ready i am for the game goodnight. 
0	randy lynch at oscars this friday night with his band black list.twitter.com/jf1dswng. 
0	tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the such bull s**t k-pop super concert in america on nov 10. 
0	target i need to see jeremy evans on roni turiaf all over the place tomorrow. 
0	want to have the happiest baby on the block? come to whole foods in westport, can't talk wednesday may 9th at 7:30 and hear maryanne farrell. 
0	looking for a ticket for the west ham v southampton game on the 20th! preferably in the bobby moore lower! 
0	1st fight on the main card is about to begin. target randall bailey and target devon alexander boxing brooklynboxing. 
0	3rd down, preds kept us out of the end zone. going for the field goal. 
1	glad tomorrow is my last day at the skate center . working one day a week is a joke ! gottafindanewjob. 
0	george zimmerman made his first appearance in public on friday as he and his wife shellie have been in hiding in. 
1	our last draw for an hd television is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the pplhdtv comp. 
1	soccer saturday with our son. they're playing the hardest team in the league. then the all-star game. 
0	may god wil make him cure asap, and give a long long lyf. 
0	this vote for gameday bit is preposterous lol. texas a&m and not cool state have 300,000+ votes, nebraska is 3rd with just 30,000. mn has 68. 
0	right north london derby is on my birthday nov 17th, now you all know what to get me for my birthday. 
0	we going to spend the day at my job tomorrow 
0	jan with the new cat at royal,star and garter solihull pic.twitter.com/mlmndyvm. 
1	allencarlanz: target will be on sarah g live this sunday. don`t forget to watch :3. she will have her first ever duet with sarah . 
210006424120606720	131770645 0" tomorrow venus is going to eclipse with the sun! watch out for it guys! 
0	according to state farm, missouri ranks 15th nationally among the states where motorist are most likely to hit . 
0	my car ride to school tomorrow>>> mexicans<3 target target and estella i am happy. I am the only white girl. 
0	horseracing breeders' cup will be televised saturday for the first time in prime time! you won't want to miss it at i am happy.m edt on nbc. 
0	george zimmerman will face court june 10th for the murder of trayvon martin. 
0	arrival of ship: arabian tahr port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:11am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel app. 
0	target jaa i know mag, maareh kan je zaterdag stad? want heb die h&m card nog en die is t/m 29 april geldig . 
0	who's going to the big sean concert tomorrow at the liacouras center? 
-1	worse thing about saturday morning tv! the omelette challenge - pointless and annoying tv, even james martin looks bored! 
0	1 november 1968. george harrison released the soundtrack "wonderwall." he was the first beatle to release a solo album. 
0	tottenham are without several big names for tonight's [thursday] match at stadion ljudski vrt. emmanuel adebayor 
0	i think i will take kermit with me tomorrow & make them talk directly to him during the meeting. 
0	we got tickets for the late show with david letterman which will air tonight! look for us in the 3rd row. billy crystal is the guest. 
1	don't forget to see 'the exorcist' at the fox theatre on tuesday! there's nothing like seeing it on the big screen. 
1	enjoy your networking? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at innovationgeneration -%20novel%20networking%20opportunities%20for%20innovation%20generation.pdf. 
1	relaxing in traffic listening to wiz. taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his. actually it may be in my top 10 period. 
1	echo entertainment news: jade wright previews the best programmes on television tonight : anyone who accuses . 
0	target 16th birthday at garner. i gave her a face full of chocolate for her birthday. she gave it. 
0	miss! robbie keane gets on the end of a david beckham cross from the right, but his header is just over in the 19th minute. 
1	excited to hang out with rae & laurin tomorrow. i am happy. 
0	october 19, 2012 book news: 20,000 turn out for the southern festival of books what do keith richards and margar. 
0	tell your friends tell your family tell your mama! hey don't forget friday the 21st at 5:00 harold washington. 
0	i'm going to affirmative sanchez at factory in toronto, canada - dec 7. 
0	colby robak gets credit for 2nd assist on rampage first goal. 1-1 tie, aeros in san antonio, halfway through the first. 
0	bathroom wednesday, natchitoches thursday, fort worth friday-- it's been real, but ready to get back to the flats homestretch. 
0	state unveiled their snow bowl uni's 5 weeks ago. tonight, some greenville viewers heard words mullen spoke about them from september 26th. 
-1	when trayvon touched my shoulder in 7th period and tried to hide like it wasn't him >> laughing my f**king a** off you can see his tall ass anywhere! 
0	freaky knight iii going down this friday at fox theatre in salinas. deathmatch me for tickets and info. 
0	target yep turner house ! i won't know my roommate until the aug 8 . 
1	target i love seein all the thik sexy footballers return 2 the gridiron 2day! <--*this* and the sporno that is nfl combine in feb! 
0	f**k me preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012: footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as. 
1	ramadan mubarak to all muslims who have began early. may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds. 
1	movie night with the kids at church! watching the lorax! couldnt thing of a better way to spend my friday night! 
0	galaxy tune up for whitecaps, sounders fall to 3rd: mike magee scored on a pass from robbie keane in the 83rd mi. 
0	arrival of ship: mataf pride port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 5:44am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel appr. 
0	i'm listening to taylor allderdice all day tomorrow. 
0	departure of ship: ams 111 port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:47am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approa. 
0	the exchange club of winona and the eagles club will be hosting taters for tots to raise money for child abuse prevention on october 31st. 
0	brandenberg for three. 91-32. the 5 guys that practice with the will be back team may get in this game at this rate letsgovcu. 
0	going to be on the news tomorrow. i'm going to be the girl wearing the big time rush shirt. :. 
0	the 1st academy awards ceremony, presented by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences , honored. 
1	sept 8 las vegas hard rock, randall "the knock out king" bailey vs devon alexander. 37 year old bailey looking good in his 4 win streak. 
0	in her session at the 11th international cloud expo, lauren cotugno, distinguished technologist, cloud consultin. 
0	cup game this sunday, away at hamsey rangers - 10.30 k/. tickets available on the gate on online through the ssfc website! ssfc cuprun. 
0	after months of contemplation, i will unveil my remix to "ni**as in paris" on the 23rd live. 
0	trayvon my daily tweet 
1	i watched sarah g live again, i noticed at d end not applicable may disiplina talaga ang mga target nag-aantayan sila nice game turn to go to sg. love it. 
0	fashion against aids collection by h&m is hitting the stores on thursday,and we've already made our top10 selection targe. 
0	arsenal fixtures out.i am going to target nov 17 for my trip to emirates. north london derby.vs the spuds. 
0	target target target target target game night at the oneil household tomorrow target bethere. 
0	target have trina call me when you get there, i'm tryna go by there tomorrow. 
0	the lights will go out at gampel and calhoun will slide to midcourt on a wire saturday to try to fire up the crowd. 
0	rampage forward greg rallo ties the game at 2-2 at 4:25 of the 2nd period. howden and shore with the assists. 
1	decent woohoo deals on hd tv's here till the 18th -blitz via target. 
0	going to watch goon for the 27th time now. 
0	everyone come the the volleyball game at east tomorrow before the football game! 
0	sunday afternoon with amy lee on amfm till 4pm. when i hand over to hit 40 uk with mark james. 
0	tomorrow venus will transit across the sun. it won't happen again for a century. programme about it on bbc2 at 9 tonight. 
0	get to know amy lee! want to know more about evanescence's leading lady amy lee? amy sat down to answer some of. 
0	first reviews of lincoln: steven spielberg is the one to beat at the oscars | herald sun: -reviews-of-lincoln-steven-spielberg-is-the-one-to-beat-at-the-oscars/story-e6frf9h6-1226492581443?sv=2b7f38a9dabc6e7e5ea0ae064a8064d .uhwgrmekjuq.twitter. 
-1	why all you all going to nca tomorrow? it am not gone solve nothing . just create another problem. 
0	target target they will have the last laugh when we get to the carling cup final. result may vary. 
0	at the greensboro comedy zone working on material i might use tomorrow during the 2nd round of the ultimate comic competition. 
0	george zimmerman is scheduled to go on trial june 10th for the shooting death of 17-year-old trayvon martin. 
1	so excited! halloween, ian anderson w/my mom at the fox theatre on saturday, and then election day, in which i will be a nervous wreck, lol! 
1	big 4 with kevin, deniesse, devine, and ryan sa kick off nice game parent behind back teen edition 4 on sunday, april 8 at 9pm. biggelontv. 
0	exo-m will be going to nanjing tomorrow; but there is no specific time. 
1	yeaa! 3rd place! target end of the game! indonesia warriors 92 - 85 singapore slingers! thanks for the supports superriors! 
0	the next morning, the 8th of january, after a day and night passed at the corral, smith and ayrton returned to granite house. 
1	tonight: a show in dc. tomorrow: greensboro nc! it's been too long since i've performed. so exited to see everyone and play the new tunes! 
1	need a break from studying? come to target kickball tournament tomorrow at 4:30-6:30pm! behind the jc>>>be there! i am happy. 
0	preparing a saturday roast, meanwhile rick stein criticises modern film on the telly. the world has gone slightly backwards. 
1	sandy has passed by, and the cathedral close was only lightly touched , so yes, no crap sherlock will be open tomorrow,. 
1	get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs custom. 
1	pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper. up 10 pts, 48-38, with 2:03 left 1st half! 
0	members: we will be helping at the polls tomorrow and saturday as greeters. if interested we are working at garner until 7 tomorrow. 
0	in nyc. do i want to see 5x tony winner, peter & the starcatcher or paul rudd on stage on thurs? 
0	nfl ticket at the eagles club presents the thursday night contest steelers and titans -nfl-football/. 
0	arrival of ship: nms 202 port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 6:21am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approach. 
1	rum chata hot chocolate, thin mints, and netflix. this is how you do saturday night.twitter.com/wnn1lv3r. 
0	on sunday come to target - jason vernau - say "travis's list" at the door for free entry 4pm-midnight or reduced $10 midnight-2am. 
-1	god he's a daft thing! he apparently sat there washing her paws, ignoring him! 
0	middleschoolmemories when i went to marana for the last 2 months of 8th grade i got sent to im so sorry everyday. 
1	so glad i'm not going back to woodlands tomorrow! looking forward to joseph wright! 
0	join richard, estella, sophia, tj, and erwin this friday at the ccp! tickets: p600/p800 . contact 09109839513 now!twitter.com/cbmt19gc. 
0	this was on the 30th of october, and consequently the castaway of tabor island had been a prisoner in granite house for nine days. 
0	target not that far yet but would problem start the 1st night of the roxy. 
0	. target 4a boys soccer playoffs on saturday: wilmington new hanover at garner with a 5 pm start confirmed. 
0	exclusive interview with james martin in our jan/feb issue. want to promote your valentines menu or any jan offers? e:craigmaplesdentarget. 
0	target is having a show nov 10th at the house of blues friends or anybody Hit Me Up if you want to go thanks i am happy. 
1	wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on 16 oct for a week & his wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st in kl! 
0	what will happen to portchuck if port charles voters vote to change the name of the city to port pine view on the nov 6th referendum? 
1	there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrow's rampage! get on it! 
0	at the end of the third the new mexico stars lead the wichita wild 39-34. any guesses how the 4th quarter will shake out? 
0	dealbook: clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum - sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a sta. 
0	h&m's fashion against aids collection is available on april 26th. 25% of the sale price goes to aids prevention. 
0	the disco balls are being polished.are you ready!?! this thursday night! join us at the adrienne arsht center. 
0	angelito casts and pbbunlimited big4 with kevin, divine, deniesse and ryan are guests tomorrow night sa kick off. 
-1	mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday , lmfaooo the fuck i don'. 
0	30 free tickets to watch saigon heat vs singapore slingers in singapore,4pm apr 29 for the first 30 fans email to communitytarge. 
0	star's office hours are in scc room 324 sunday and monday: 1- i am happy.m, tuesday-thursday 1-9pm come talk to us about anything! 
0	the perfect storm -- sandy more comparable to . 
1	target ferry corsten at digital tomorrow. let's go and rave it up. punk yardofcocktail liquid. 
1	so excited for these upcoming shows! its time to get halloweird! 10/27 at the fox theatre w/. 
-1	1st time i bring my phone to harold washington & it goes off! i am sad.. 
0	in her hands-on workshop session at the 11th international cloud expo, diane mueller, the cloud evangelist for . 
0	has ny budy have idea about at when we will receive study material for the bca 2nd year for which the exam will held in december, please advise. 
1	trayvon my daily tweet 
1	i'm going to watch eurosong! croatia is 10th i am happy. so vote for croatia! 
1	any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this. 
0	target target /: i'm going to philadelphia saturday morning. & i have a volleyball game tomorrow night. 
-1	i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside, with papers & poetry about estella. 
1	happy monday! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck! half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and. 
0	trayvon my daily tweet 
0	rick stein reckons tuna is like roast beef to the japanese. anyone for tuna with yorkshire pudding & sunday roast? 
0	tuesday's rainfall at bdr was 0.64" which is a record for the date. 
0	i'm going to cypress hill at open air gampel festival in gampel, switzerland - aug 18. 
1	sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play target - i think i like it at about 138bpm. 
0	whoever replies 1st with the correct answer wins 4 tickets for sesame street live, sat 10:30am performance at rupp, and an elmo plush doll. 
-1	you may find this hard to believe, but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day. 
0	zimmerman to appear in court: a notice to appear was filed thursday in the case against george zimmerman. 
0	on the net looking to buy a house in rosedale by april at least 4bdrms and 2full baths. 
0	queen's brian may says freddie mercury biopic is on the way. sacha baron cohen will play the role of mercury. via target. 
0	tune into target for live coverage of tonight's nns race. target starts 5th in the 200-lap event. 
-1	4th floor cypress you don't half see some funny looking dress sense spanish. 
-1	giants 3rd-round pick failed drug test at nfl combine: jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec. newyork sports. 
0	potential upset alert: the wichita wild only trail the allen wranglers 27-33 with 2:33 left in the 3rd quarter. 
1	my moms under the hilarious impression that i'm spending my saturday loading & unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches. 
-1	police fear ivan leach, also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside, scotland, since he absconded on oct 9. 
1	imagine danica and danielle meeting target on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out. amazing jbmeetdanica. 
0	uploading random pics! laughing out loud this is me last sunday at a show at the adrienne arsht center!twitter.com/leueqikt. 
1	it's monday night football wrangler nation! game time 7:05pm vs. the wichita wild! get your tickets now to cheer. 
1	celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars. 
1	we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at. 
1	i can't wait for the sunderland vs newcastle, 3rd best derby in england, after manchester and north london derby. i'd prefer a newcastle win. 
0	george clooney may cast 'artist' star jean dujardin in his next film 'the monuments men' . us army team chases down art stolen by the nazi'. 
0	fatal rollover near richwood: a fatal rollover was reported wednesday morning on county road 34 just east of ric. 
1	i want to be here "the greatest hits tour - blue, jeff timmons of 98 degrees,a1" on feb 25. :. 
0	sprint offers to buy stake in clearwire: sprint nextel corp. said thursday that it had offered . 
0	auburn will square off with ucf, texas a&m, ohio st, lsu, tennessee, texas tech and houston in the women's finals of the 4x1 at 12:05 on Friday 
-1	not here in the east i am sad. though.moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky -jupiter-capella-light-evening-sky-on-november-1. 
0	just 5 days left for the e! red carpet live jewelry fashion show!saturday, november 4. rsvp seating is limited!. 
1	alan pardew comparing colloccini to bobby moore is like comparing Masturbating to sex, everybody knows that the 2nd choices are thanks better. 
0	bright moonlight later may hamper auroral observations, but jupiter and the moon are very close tonight. 
0	tomorrow shift is at 11:30 am to 08:30 pm . after work , i'm going to h&m for awhile . and , is it still open ? 
0	who's going to zimmerman on saturday? 
0	team news: moussa dembele, emmanuel adebayor and gareth bale will all miss the game tomorrow against maribor. 
0	envy everyone going to the big bang shows tomorrow and saturday. ;_. 
1	glad I am going to greenville tomorrow night tho. 
0	I am only a few months away from leaving 8th grade and i alrady know what university I am going to to its going to be the university of denver. 
0	tomorrow venus will pass in front of the sun. it will b a small dot, if you happen to look at the sun. 
0	target : pit road speed limits are the major cause of fuel mileage racing. the king's 7th daytona 500 win is the only mileage race prior. 
0	so i haven't seen this friend since 7th grade and i just found out she's in the covina band! they go to utah! 
1	nowplaying linkin park - lost in the echo. i probably haven't listened to them since the 5th grade but this song is actually pretty good. 
0	departure of ship: jumbo spirit port: abu dhabi time: nov 2 2012 4:49am (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel . 
0	target we many not to get watch any nhl games, but we can watch evgeni malkin and alex ovechkin in the khl! -kontinental-hockey-league-games-slated-espn3-october. 
1	mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read ld. 
0	christianity isn't just a sunday thing. 
0	reruns of big bang theory > Cover My a** awards. everyday of the week & twice on sunday. 
0	arrival of ship: sham port: abu dhabi time: nov 1 2012 6:27pm (time of arrival/departure is the time the vessel approaches . 
0	back and forth at baylor ballpark. dan evatt 2 rbi single gives baylor a 6-5 lead over texas a&m in the bottom of the 6th. 
-1	sonic on ost is the worst place in 3rd ward! 
1	target great to be 1st game on a sunday.i get to watch my favorite show on tv.sarah g live magical night with sarah . 
0	cold cold cold but the sun is rising over twickers.twitter.com/5xc9tjcb. 
0	mtsu receiver falls down and the pass is incomplete.4th down. mtsu to punt from midfield. 
-1	abc: ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for south australia in their sh. 
-1	i never watch the oscars, but with seth macfarlane hosting, i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either. 
0	ferry corsten vs armin van buuren - brute Come On make some noise! 
0	dealbook: clearwire is sought by sprint for spectrum: sprint disclosed on thursday that it had offered to buy a . 
0	before you make plans for this friday night, check out this event benefitting bolder options rochester. it'll be. 
0	target and wichita wild still tied 14-14 at the end of the 1st quarter. 
1	are you all ready for affirmative sanchez this friday at hq nightclub! Hit Me Up at 609-335-3062 for table reservations and details! 
0	target member monday for prelim v crows from 9am-9pm tomorrow through ticketek. 4 tickets per barcode with max of 8 in a transaction. 
0	my television just told me to go out tonight and be social and stay in tomorrow and have olive garden. 
0	looks like bj's skate center is the place to be in Stop That joe on a friday night! 
0	target klub ace! klub ace ! this saturday! $5 with your college id until 11:30.south after party. 
0	spurs striker emmanuel adebayor will miss thursday's uel game against lazio with a hamstring injury. 
1	sun flower seeds are just to delicious. 
1	the donkey show - friday the 13th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in. 
1	special conference call tomorrow the 7th at 7:30 please send tell - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us . 
-1	keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful, cant we all just forgive hank jr!?! 
-1	great.we had tickets to see the preds on the 29th & now the games have been cancelled. 
1	come join in all the fun at the great pumpkin hunt at rosedale gardens this saturday! 
0	this saturday! come see what it's like to train for the nfl combine at body space fitness. click the link below. 
0	all black tonight . 1st carroll & richwood game . 
0	world bank to lend to be undressed ready my angel for the 1st time in 25 years - bbc news be undressed ready my angel -20176841. 
0	f**k me preview: derby county v peterborough united 28 apr 2012 - footymad attempt to assist you with their form guide as. 
0	target don't eat until friday between the hours of 5-10 and go to ricks cafe in randolph to get food, yeah dig? 
0	kevin bacon, paul rudd and 8 other stars to appear in friday the 13th or halloween movies: guess which famous fa. 
0	may or may not be in the same building as viola davis right now nbd. 
0	the women's volleyball team will be playing in the semi-final playoff game tomorrow at 7pm against johnson and wales university. 
1	fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night. haven't seen her in ages. 
1	'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn. 
0	i'm such a groupie.just watched the "ni**as in paris" video---> 1st thing i said was."i just ordered that snapback jay is wearing! 
0	asap.come to my house tomorrow and entertain me instead of everyone else going to the concert. 
0	ferry corsten at space tonight ahhh think i may just have to go for one after work i am happy. 
0	gareth bale has warned his side not to take knickers off ready when I come home city lightly as the two sides prepare to battle in the capital one cup on wednesday. 
0	anyone heading to h&m on thurs to shop the fashion v aids collection? sneak peek here: via target. 
-1	forget the garlic, the soup is disgusting! thanks for nothing, saturday kitchen. 
0	jean dujardin may join the unlikely duo of leo dicaprio and jonah hill in the wolf of wall street. 
1	there are still spots available for "happiest baby on the block" this sunday! 
1	lipa 4:19 beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre. 
1	i'm happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today. ritz carlton. let's sell it! 
0	i'm going to romeo santos at estadio olimpico in santo domingo, dominican republic - dec 15. 
0	petrolia art in the park is tomorrow and saturday! we will be set up in front of mercantile co. on petrolia line across from the park! 
-1	target if you're tryna go north on iowa there's a bad accident down by 6th street. 
1	tomorrow is the deciding factor for the university of denver, excited to see what it's like from a student's perspective. 
0	nas takes over the london o2 arena on 19/03/2013! pre-sale tickets available here - pre-sale ends tomorrow! 
0	target target are having target day saturday. want to go? avs prospect michael clarke plays for windsor. 
0	today is the las day to buy big krit/ slim thugg tickets for their show in starkville tomorrow at ricks cafe. 
0	sport: calling all tayside football fans! the wave102footballphonein sneakers off at 6pm on wednesday! join the debate! dufc DON'T f**kING CARE spl. 
0	and kris' airport runaway x3 "target tomorrow exo am will go to nanjing. i'll see luhan's hair. is it true that his hair now is bl. 
1	- grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday, october 27, at the gladden farms 10k an. 
0	i just stumbled across a video montage on some television channel of clips of camilla parker bowles set to uptown girl.that's my saturday. 
0	review : black friday 2012 maxxima mln-10 led night light with sensor : find, shop, see reviews , bu. 
0	tomorrow venus will transit the sun for the last time for the next 105 years. forecast - weatherbomb. 
0	economic timeswashing hands will keep the doctor awaydawn.comislamabad, oct 15: the world bank's strategic environmental assessment . 
0	how to catch a star will be captivating children this friday at stantonbury campus.30 show. see you all there. 
1	tracking texas a&m football players in the 2012 nfl draft: texas a&m may have the biggest surprise of the 2012 . 
0	wednesday's rain . 
0	also.sun belt barn burner on the .mtsu just took a kick to the house to go up 34-27 on western kentucky target mtsu. 
0	a warm thursday for cenla with highs in the 80s for the sixth straight day. natchitoches and colfax led the way with 88. 
1	sale mary green silk just married boyshort reviews: here is the one of best product may you have mary . 
1	target just watched the pursuit of happiness for the 1st time. i love it. good deeds by tyler perry is the girl version. 
1	wow! lady gaga is actually at the britney spears femme fatale concert tonight! she still listens to her music! 
1	mail in a lather over c4's scheduling of four lions to coincide with 10th anniversary of 9/11. too good a film for stunt scheduling i think. 
1	really enjoyed pj harvey tonight - contrary to expectations. even the black feather head-dress wasn't too ott. 
0	target lloyd robertson set to sign off tonight after 41 years as a national news anchor. 
0	7-year-old signs with real madrid and will start september 6th just announced on target what? 
1	my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination 5 on friday. wasntexpectingthat. 
1	+1 rt target wonderful company and great food in chinatown last night with tour guide target , target & irene. 
0	nature's own 'cloud' went head to head with amazon and microsoft on sunday.and won. 
0	watch latoya tonight on dr drew 8:00pm central time! what she thinks should happen to conrad murray! 
0	since the droid bionic is coming out on september 8, i really have some deciding to do between it and the supposed new iphone. 
0	steve jobs biography may be available in time for the ipad 3. 
-1	i officialy hate windows 7, it just sucks on my laptop. back to experience tomorrow! 
0	britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night * me: who's concert was that ? i forgot. ;. 
1	got email saying my copy of deus ex is on it's way. if it arrives tomorrow i will literally stay up all night playing it. no joke. 
0	hmm. sby deh. rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august. 
1	just seen that four lions is on c4 on sunday night for anyone who hasn't seen it yet. so proud of my big brother; the associate producer i am happy. 
0	rt target i've got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th deathmatch me for details,please rt! 
-1	that's really sad, charlie rt "until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was" - charlie sheen sheenroast. 
1	alexis sanchez: "of course i'd like to play already on sunday against real madrid. it's true i wanted to join in the us." [via la sexta] 
1	tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza! tune in to 97.1fm at 11am for all the elvis presley you can handle. it's going to be rockin'. 
-1	listening to amy and lucien's attempts at 'communication' on last night's big brother . i fear for the future of mankind sometimes. 
0	rt target elvis presley's 34th death anniversary is on aug 16. shammi kapoor, the man they often called india's elvis presley. 
0	if your still running windows xp, then it may be time to upgrade to windows 7 to ensure you receive latest upgrades and support in future. 
1	boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congratulations and welcome gentlemen! 
0	the raiders play the cardinals today let's see how they start off pre-season. last year they were weak af. 
-1	if anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont make it out of brazil alive target. 
0	michael jackson - hollywood tonight pic.twitter.com/s6n3hjj. 
1	ahhh! loving this new I see champion! wish i could see it happen this friday.: crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam! 
-1	nurgh, there's a stack of new mta's that need to be dealt with but i just can't be dealing with the crappy new url thing today . 
0	why not join us for breakfast this morning at 9am for the opening game of the 2011 rugby world cup as host nation new zealand play tonga. 
0	waok the sports kings: uga gets ready for boise state!: yesterday no. 19 georgia scrimmaged against the bull. 
0	will testdrive the new nokia n9 phone with our newest application starting on thursday i am happy. 
-1	looking at the temp outside.hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down? feel like i'm in vegas just adding humidity. 
1	can't wait for september 6th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo i am happy. 
1	six good reviews for the new deus ex. i'm going to pre-order it today, i've seen enough coverage to know it's going to be worth a look. 
1	tomorrow is the 34th anniversary of elvis presley's death. i love you, rest in peace. 
-1	terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra. 
-1	why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october? i'm going to be battling my bday, soul punk and people running in circles. 
-1	i can't believe aaron carter is coming out with his 4th album the carter iv. 
1	almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight, oh my. what time is it on at guys? 
1	dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record. i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing. 
0	a quote from 23 yrs. ago today -- "republicans understand the importance of bondage between parent & child.".man, i miss dan quayle. 
0	droid bionic is out today. if any pr reps will send one my way, i'll talk about it here there and. 
-1	target tiger woods is awful. luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on tgc today and not cbs - where everyone can see. 
0	i can stamp on friday its going be endless people at the movies to see final destination 5. 
1	day 3 in the big brother house and it's ingleton waterfalls trail today, promises some amazing scenery! 
0	target rumour has it the nokia n9 is coming to 3 in september? 
0	microsoft issues critical patch for windows 7, vista users: microsoft issues light patch tuesday, with just one. 
1	cant wait to rock "apologize" by one republic & "jesus freak" by don't care talk tonight gettin redy to rock sasabo, japan. 
0	target target what are two doing for the steelers game tomorrow? 
-1	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop2012 debate. same time as packers-saints nfl opener?!? 
0	excuse me while i spend my last saturday of the summer making cds, watching netflix, and relaxing in the woman cave legitimate crazy woah. 
-1	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell "i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!" lloyd. 
0	remember in 2008 when obama said he would fundamentally transform the usa? with the debt downgrade on friday, we are transformed! 
0	today on the jasmine brand: little wayne says atlanta crowd sux, beyonce in part 2 of want to trade trailer + rihanna straddles old man. 
-1	dtn usa: charlie sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: he may have looked like he was "winning," but actor . 
-1	i would be surprised if the carter iv was anything greater than shit.hope i'm proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo. 
0	just realized facebook is using bing maps now. -janes-riverview-inn/112656508771404?v=info i guess it makes sense given that they're partly made to look bad by microsoft. 
1	can't wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow. 
0	rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
0	tonight on ctv news at 6, i'll have a conversation with lloyd robertson as he prepares to anchor ctv national news for the final time tmrw! 
-1	boehner tells obama that sorry, the house is all booked up for sept 7, maybe you can come another day. 
1	today has been an awesome day! one of the google engineers posted a tutorial video from our site! what an endorsment! 
-1	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday. 
1	tomorrow is going to be like the super bowl for the ravens vs. steelers game. 
0	camp notebook day 10: the raiders took the field for their 10th practice of training camp and started to prepare for. 
1	netflix? rt target i'm watching the original x-men cartoons i used to watch on saturday mornings. throwback iamhappyagain. 
0	build a nation heard it today for the first time.*fist pump in the air* rttarget who run the world remix with nicki minaj target. 
0	i'm about to just listen to nicki minaj all night. 
0	coming up next.the main event of the evening.anderson silva vs yushin okami. 
0	as many of you know, my bill to phase out the mta payroll tax passed the senate on june 15th. speaker silver. 
0	the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland. 
1	just pre-ordered the droid bionic. pick up from the verizon store next friday! i am happy. 
0	ufc target yushin okami isn't just anderson silva's opponent saturday night - he's the only. -. 
-1	once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market.whatever happens there can be no blank check! 
1	yayyy! rt : target nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 i am happy. 
0	this week marks the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley. elvis died in memphis on august 16, 1977 at. 
1	it's a stretch but i'm picking yushin okami tomorrow. think anderson's athletic prime has passed and okami's cashing in at the right time. 
1	sons of anarchy may be one of the greatest shows on television right now. thanks target and netflix. 
0	morrison and truth tonight? i thought that match would be at summerslam. oh well. 
1	target target target you know what? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday! i can't wait! 
0	steve jobs: source: www.quotationspage.com --- sunday, august 14, 2011"you can't just ask customers what they wa. 
1	great game.tremendous way to start the season. bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona. 
0	i hope there's people like the inbetweeners at 6th form. 
-1	league? rt target i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday. i need sleeping pills. 
1	saturday night = netflix, my girl, and the internets. what more does a guy need? 
0	{haha ziiinggg} rt target all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months. 
0	could this convince you to buy? rt target verizon may offer early upgrades for droid bionic and iphone 5 buyers. 
1	deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight. fucking love you twitter followers. 
1	all of the "real" democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled republican state senators on august 9 yeswecan. 
0	ufc 134: anderson silva vs. yushin okami gambling spotlight: a handful of ufc 134 props to make your night a lit. 
1	going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight.oh yeah. 
0	ufc target yushin okami isn't just anderson silva's opponent saturday night - he's the only. -. 
-1	eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight. don't be surprised if you see gaga using britney's props on her next tour lol. 
-1	i'm really sad about michael jackson today. 
1	hope pj harvey takes home the mercury tonight! great record! 
-1	tomorrow i'm coming back from barcelona.i don't want! :. 
1	making plans ahead of time is best. friday going to go see final destination 5 with my mains gem, ariana, brian, drew, & rachael. (. 
0	president obama on thursday named former microsoft and fcc executive steven vanroekel as the new federal chief information officer . 
0	bisaa rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
0	took down all my disney star posters 
1	august 17th rt target can't wait to see the inbetweeners movie, will has to be my favourite! when's it out ? 
1	boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congratulations and welcome gentlemen! 
1	i would love to watch vampire diaries tonight i am happy. and some heroes! great combination. 
-1	target , i don't feel the rugby world cup fever via 702, am i the only one? isn't it rugby friday? 
0	hmm need to convert the euros i have left from barcelona for bristol on tuesday. 
-1	can't believe that lloyd robertson's last broadcast is tonight! end of an era. who is going to keep my grandma company at night!? 
1	target been trying to decide on a new show to watch & always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions. i may go 4 it. have a blessed day. 
0	pj harvey to play the royal albert hall for the first time this october. 
0	mta says it may close city subway if hurricane irene packs too big a punch. 
-1	why did i just hear some car driving slowly down 24th street blarring. elvis presley? 
0	did i just see what i think i did on target real madrid signed a 7th old? 
1	target good morning, yuki~! oh, i like your name too. does it means snow? riko isn't my real name, i've chose it because i like japan. 
1	target he's a very good looking guy. is s3 on netflix? i think i'm watching it tonight. 
-1	strip club owner "guessing we'll make 5 times as much a night" . "republicans got plenty of money. they take it all from poor people" duh. 
1	saw at last kung f**k you panda 2 yesterday with my cousins i am happy. 
1	she call me baby, i call her bae, sorry 4 the wait, carter iv on the way! august 29th. helll yeahhh! (. 
-1	displeased with lion, i may take this opportunity to learn windows 7. or linux. or poke myself in the eye. 
0	did you know, lady gaga reads "letters to a young poet" every morning? -gaga. 
0	trynna go to the movies today and see "rise of the planet of the apes ! 
1	target target is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game? i happen to be off duty tomorrow i am happy. 
1	my brothers girlfriend is on me to use her netflix acct, because i love my movies. so i'll all for giving it a try tonight. 
1	target morning gorgeous you were right i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics. 
1	can silicon valley re-charge solar energy?: silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left. 
1	vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight. so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties. sounds great! i am happy. 
0	today's google offer in seattle - up to 50% off at the seattle aquarium !details%2f4bc7fd6bd3feb311%2fln4fdhxwi9cl5xtu details/4bc7fd6bd3feb311/ln4fdhxwi9cl5xtu. 
1	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight. 
0	now that droid bionic is finally "official" for 9/8, i'll just wait until oct so i have something to compare it to. vigor or prime maybe? 
0	rt target michael jackson - hollywood tonight pic.twitter.com/asvtgxl. 
0	'machete' star danny trejo and david hasselhoff to guest star in the 4th season of 'sons of anarchy' via target. 
0	so target apparently just announced at powwow 311day is in vegas and there is another cruise in may . too close together. 
1	we love the king! 55 years ago today, elvis presley released his double-sided hit "don't be cruel"/"hound dog",. 
1	i love you all so much. come join us on saturday evening for the uga . boise state game. game is at i am happy.m, but we. 
1	the zags hold a 1-0 lead for 84 minutes to beat boise state and win the bronco invite. goal by sarah rhodes, her 3rd of the weekend. 
-1	last night for target lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. 
0	boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night. 
0	morning paper: georgia gets ready for the big opener it 'needed.' boise state looks for a kicker. the bangles. 
1	rt target nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 i am happy. 
1	four lions. watch it on channel 4. at i am happy.m. best film ever. i have this on my ipad. never tired of it. 
0	target hey since you asked me yesterday this is what the king looks like also known as anderson silva also known as 'the spider. 
1	target droid bionic, this thursday. never thought the day would come. 
-1	don't want to play one that's too long, what with street fighter iii: 3rd strike on wednesday, and deus ex: human revolution on friday. 
-1	target this tweet was poorly timed. surely they'd be hidden. rt target 12 handy tips for windows 7 that you may not know. 
0	laughing my a** off rt target they should make a new friday and have kevin hart katt williams and mike epps in it. 
0	real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post: real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift. 
0	final destination 5 opens this friday. tell us about your closest brush with death for a chance to win a pair of. 
0	real madrid have signed a seven-year-old argentine boy, a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday. 
1	i'm not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out laughing out loud i am happy. - georgia. 
0	damn, summerslam is on at the same time as ufc sunday. they usually fight on saturday. World Wrestling Entertainment on the Computer and ufc on the big screen i guess. 
0	i just typed in "the bazura project" into google images and the 7th image is a photo of my dad. also glenn with moustache is there. 
-1	one million people marched in london in the past six months. but they don't care until 1,000 tottenhams tonight ~ -are-not-alone-this-is-also-england.html?spref=tw. 
0	microsoft are suffering an outage this evening with their uk & european cloud services including hosted exchange. 
-1	i think it's time to start calling the democrats offices, demand they use the 14th now, don't cave to nut jobs. 
-1	damn, someone saved holder from the earthquake! technically don't know why w/biden out & obama always out boehner is 3rd in line! 
0	august 28 i'm playing a los angeles charity event at bootleg theater.mia kirshner of vampire diaries heading it up. come out! 
0	except u're charlie sheen. rt target is it true that you tell people 'top of the morning' only when you had sex the previous night? 
1	i'm exited about friday! no offense but who is tonga? nz can't just make up names and countries. play fair. 
1	morning all. just woke up to madonna on the radio with borderline. 
-1	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans. 
0	dear tiger woods, i need you to carry those last 3 holes over to thursday. with out national basketball association i'm going to need you to step up. 
1	excited for the raiders game tonight. 
1	after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight! blessed freshtodeath. 
0	lloyd robertson ended show with mention of his plaque from stratford today. joked that bieber didn't get there 1st. 
1	excellent performance by pj harvey last night! hairs on back of neck stuff! good company too with target target and andrea i am happy. 
0	i'm going to machine head at sala razzmatazz in barcelona, spain - nov 15. 
0	repost: : microsoft's television subscription, if not rumored may launch with apple's icloud - international business times. 
0	we'll be tweeting live summerslam updates next sunday on-location at staples center for the 3rd straight year! please spread the word! 
0	week 1 nfl story lines: steelers and ravens, together again: beyond the packers-saints opener thursday, the high. 
0	with the start of nfl preseason upon us. tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season, and the end of the raiders postseason hopes. 
0	:o rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
0	looks like apple's rumored thanksgiving product launch is the steve jobs biography, not a new ipad -steve-jobs-biography-set-for-november-21-release-based-on-forty-interviews/. 
1	if twilight wins all the awards at the tca's tonight, i will burn my twilight posters k? 
0	microsoft & nokia holding a get together on august 17, 2011: august 17 could be the day we see an official annou. 
1	today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans. 
-1	balls. i forgot celebrity juice was on tonight. 
-1	caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out target wtf. Come on bro! are you serious right now. 
1	some good television tonight going to get on jersey shore on the planner and 8 out of ten cats and maybe red or black lazynight. 
0	going to watch final destination 5 tonight. i always leave the theater so afraid of everything. no huge escalators for sure :. 
0	target any word on when the raiders will be releasing their depth chart for thursday? 
1	kolchak the night stalker. before the x-files, excellent scary tv. on netflix huzah. 
0	pre-practice odds and ends: the raiders return to practice today after an off day sunday. the provisions set for. 
0	new barcelona player alexis sanchez yesterday left chile to travel to barcelona. tomorrow he'll train for the first time. fcblive [via efe] 
0	i think michael jackson was murdered. not by conrad murray, but he aided and abetted. i think someone else was in the house that morning. 
-1	the gop's greatest crime? target boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night. 
1	eh, em.attention! true blood is on tonight, oh yeah! sink your teeth into it! 
1	today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans. 
1	:o inbetweeners movie a week today! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause i'll be 'knee deep in clunge' i am happy. 
1	the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from 3-5pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix. we'll have a race car for you to see! 
1	finally wrapped up shooting in vegas, time for a good night on the town i am happy. 
0	today's triviathrusday is the first i didn't have to look up. who doesn't know steve jobs worked at atari! 
0	had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque, could easily be mexico or spain! off to vegas tomorrow should get there monday morning! 
1	target i'm going on big brother's bit on the side next tuesday! i thought you would appreciate this haha i am happy. 
0	target you want to go see inbetweeners next wednesday? 
0	will the so cal earthquake hit already, so it doesn't hit during summerslam or next weeks monday night raw earthquake. 
-1	usa golf today bob ryan: tiger now a jag : bob ryan of the 'boston globe' called tiger woods . 
0	but first today.taking all the brood to see rise of the planet of the apes. might sneak the dog in too. 
0	what a great question to ask myself: "if today were the last day of my life, would i want to do what i am about to do today?" steve jobs. 
-1	f-train was messed up again today between york and carroll st.what's going on mta? get it together! 
0	on august 29, I am a play little wayne, tie my hands,. I am a play it 29 times, then I am a download the carter iv respect. 
-1	here is the nothing in particular slip that happened yesterday on good morning america.and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has. 
0	increase windows 7 performance in 4 easy steps: . complete with windows 7, you may find you're lacking some po. 
0	gartner: windows 7 on 94 percent of new pcs: by steven mostyn - aug 10 2011, 07:48 google may one day seek to sh. 
0	enough muslim countries lobbying in the us for today, i'm watching 'twilight saga: eclipse ' to better understand girls) 
0	final destination 5 opens friday. if it does well, they'll film "fd6" and "fd7." so it's really more like "qualifying heat destination 5. 
0	real madrid and i are takingittothehouse tonight! 
0	i want to go see final destination 5 on friday. 
0	rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk fb. 
1	sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face tonga on friday. this man is one to watch my other is isreal dagg rwc2011. 
1	good night michael jackson, i do love you. see you in my dream :*. 
1	starting the 3rd season of sons of anarchy. i watched seasons 1 and 2 in the last couple weeks. i'm seriously hooked. 
-1	did i really have a debate about twilight last night? and i was team edward? 
0	tiger woods' former caddie steve williams made about $140,000 for his work with adam scott today. tiger woods' new caddie made $5,800 golf. 
-1	if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position epl. 
0	rt target these golf balls with pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today. 
1	final destination 5, august 24. death how we've missed you. 
0	hit the cell announces two new smartphones - the radar and the titan: hit the cell announced two new windows 7 smartphones today . 
1	target good luck tonight at the teen choice awards i am happy. i know twilight is going to take them all! ill b watching xoxo. 
1	hide in country clubs all you want boehner!com launching soon & i'm one of 1st in line! join me. 
0	[411music] dr. conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial: jury selection begins this thursday. 
0	i saw kayvan novak tonight also known as phonejacker also known as the guy from the film four lions. 1st thing i said to him was "rubber dingy rapids brudda. 
1	i had an awesome time at sckcs now it's on to work, saturday night in vegas, this should be fun. 
1	media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday , saturday is going to be epic targe. 
1	going to see rise of the planet of the apes next sunday. when target first appears I am going to shout "draco malfoy!" i am happy. . 
1	girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student. i gave her a "go ducks" before she went out. didn't seem to faze her. 
0	dbj tech watch for monday i am sad.8: news of facebook, google, microsoft, centurylink and more: welcome to the denver. 
1	good football practice today. one day away from the saints game, and 1 week away from the anderson silva fight in rio! can't wait! 
0	target yeah, I'm going to be in vegas from 18th-23rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends. 
0	nicki miinaj talks to robin roberts on good morning america: nicki minaj performed for the good morning america . 
0	we called boise state & tried to get them to schedule north carolina on monday night. they didn't do it mickey matthews on unc game caafb. 
-1	my random rant of the night:lady gaga being considered a fashion icon!who in their right mind considers that fashion?she dresses in trash. 
1	rt target good morning world. i'm pleased to inform you that the carter iv will not be like watch the throne. 
-1	target don't do it! he won't respect you! rt target boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday. 
0	might have to make that final destination 5 move on friday. 
1	i know one thing i can do tomorrow. write a web log post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries! 
1	i quoted nicki minaj tonight and i'm sorry and i know god will forgive me. 
0	tonga will perform the first haka at eden park on friday; the all blacks can choose to do their haka simultaneously or once tonga finishes. 
-1	i haven't talked to you since july 19 th and all you can say is "so do you like beyonce's new cd" gtfo. 
0	droid bionic confirmed for september 8th: while most of the united states had its eyes on the east cost last nig. 
0	charlie sheen's "winning" ways get roasted on tv: los angeles - he may have looked like he was ". 
0	nokia n9 will not launch in the united states: nokia confirmed on tuesday that its flagship meego-powered n9 sma. 
0	[411music] dr. conrad murray to take the stand in michael jackson murder trial: jury selection begins this thursday. 
1	target celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. its a back to school special who's featuring ! the wait is too much ! 
-1	the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight. 
0	coming home tonight, i saw a "we support italy in the rugby world cup" in a hair salon in newmarket. how come. 
1	can't wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop. 
1	the raiders need to represent tonight! 
1	the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency: -happened-to-obamas-passion.html?pagewanted=4&ref i am happy.inion. 
0	today's news: democrats offer republicans everything they asked for; republicans demand more. not hard to understand: r's want a shutdown. 
1	i just realized the teen choice awards were tonight at 8! i am happy. i hope rob, kristen, and anything twilight related wins! 
-1	gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday. 
0	asiikk i am happy.rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
1	rt target photo: mr. jackson rathbone was looking mighty fine tonight. 
1	nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america, youlve got to see it, afghan says so. 
1	good morning! need a google + invite? i have a few plusinvites. love to see the gtchat folks there! 
0	saturday: picnic in park with target thrown around a moshpit at datsuns and london is burning. balance in all things. 
-1	criticism of rick perry is ridiculous, which choice? obama's hip-hop barbecue two days ago, or perry praying for the president today? 
1	target vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the bring back the brown suck d**k is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow. 
-1	re: target what the heck was obama doing for the 1st 2 years when democrats controlled everything?! 
0	more like chris brown in feb. '09 rt target you all treat me like elvis presley in the 50'. 
1	kim coates was awesome on entourage tonight. although it makes me really miss sons of anarchy. can't wait samcro. 
1	target nice! of course, he sat down with boehner only thi 
0	lokomotiv yaroslavl were on the plane that crashed in russia this.morning. pavol demitra was likely on that flight. canucks khl. 
0	our football season preview shows start airing tonight on the mtn.half-hour, each program.the latest on boise state also on tonight's msr. 
1	oh my God i can't wait to see what beyonce is going to do at the vma's sunday august 28th! 
-1	i'm stuck in london again. i am sad. i don't want to spend the night in mcdonald's! 
1	I am getting horny hey that reminds me is it the 19th yet? new two and a half men and/or roast of charlie sheen. 
0	the usa eagles take on canada tonight at 9pm est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv. 
0	i want a windows 7 tablet for my birthday because.windows 8 beta may land the same month.maybe. 
-1	is it april fool's day? real madrid signs 7-year-old argentine prospect leo - espn. 
1	you know what would be pretty funny? if nz lost the first game against tonga tomorrow lol. 
0	why doesn't obama just sign an executive order that declares the .. has aaa rating? i mean, c'mon? 
1	true blood tonight! always the best night of the week. 
1	target steelers fans are awesome! just for that, i'm making it my mission to piss off a brown's fan today hehe inspiration. 
1	good morning. its definitely time 4 a new phone. alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore. tryin 2 wait on steve jobs before i make a move. 
1	tuesday september 6th. the return of the best show ever! sons of anarchy. hell yeahhh! 
0	summerslam preview coming Friday only 4 announced matches even though there will be 7 or 8. very odd. will make for brief preview! 
1	fun night tonight at vampire diaries. great teen choice award winners! 
1	every time i don't have anything to do, i'll watch the shows i stopped halfway. laughing out loud and it's teen top's mta today. :. 
1	fun date night with my girl. home early. ice my aching body. wish i had netflix right about now. 
0	real to sign neymar in december - report - bangkok post: real madrid has reached a deal with santos to sign gift. 
0	ritchie becomes father for the 3rd time: while madonna was busy promoting her upcoming movie .. in venic. 
1	gym workout starting with beyonce then katy,kylie and finally bruno great start to the morning. 
1	i know my ish!. "kev hart voice".lol! happy sunday!rt target laughing out loud i am happy.rt target if kevin hart make you . 
-1	pavol demitra's agent confirms the ex canuck was one of 44 killed in a plane crash today in russia. so sad. 
0	target will tenaction broadcast spanish super cup real madrid vs barcelon on the 14th and 17th of august ? 
1	hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to target its too good too stop watching, all day viewing today! 
0	democrats defeat republicans 8-2 in congressional baseball game tonight. 
0	boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night. 
-1	what if cena wins the undisputed World Wrestling Entertainment championship match at summerslam this sun? a riot is very likely to take place! 
0	nokia n9, blackberry bold touch clear fcc: the nokia n9, as you may remember, showed a bizarre twist in the comp. 
1	target hope you have a great show tonight. me & the chi/in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow! 
1	inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the 19th of august. i have never wanted to see a movie so bad! shouldbegood i am happy. 
-1	check this video out -- obama, sarkozy, cameron, how many children did you kill this night? via targe. 
0	inappropriatefuneralsongs thriller by michael jackson. while the dancing may be great having to kill your zombie grandma wont be as great. 
-1	I am on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp just to laugh at these poop ass freshman snare drummers. 
1	rt target i went to see kevin hart and still can't wait to go see the movie on the 9th! 
-1	russian air crash kills 'almost all of khl team pavol demitra,karlis skrastins,ruslan salei,brad mccrimmon among the dead, may they all rip. 
0	i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday. i need sleeping pills. 
1	is all about one night by elvis presley. 
0	to compare, anderson silva also has won 8 bonuses and made $475,000. if lytle gets a bonus tonight, the $65k would be his 2nd biggest one. 
1	target "so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney. 
0	i don't know what to wear tomorrow and i definitely believe this is the work of lady gaga and her team. 
0	target cabana this friday. you might find marissa and irene there being rachetts trying to get niggas with bottle service hoes. 
1	ufc 134 this sunday from 11am - anderson silva v yushin okami - don't miss it. in the sports bar live. 
0	am going on womans hour tomorrow. whats more so is pj harvey. 
0	-- michael jackson - remembering june 13th onlymjfansunderstand i love you michael jackson. 
0	it's all pj harvey and queens of the stone age today nowplaying. 
-1	apparently the vmas are tonight. i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane. 
1	i feel like a kid before xmas, i cannot wait to get onert target in case you missed it.nokia n9 release date -n9-on-sale-september-15th.html. 
0	you can watch the movie 'four lions' on channel 4 in the uk next sunday at 9pm -- see where i get all my jokes from. 
1	as good as the fights were tonight i'm glad this one is over. one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man spidersense. 
0	oh, oh, oh just realised it's 3 weddings in a row then pj harvey on sunday. 
0	final destination 5 is coming out soon. i never thought they'd make a 5th one! 
1	jerzday tonight first episode of jersey shore season 4 premieres tonight! i am happy. 
-1	dang, forrest didn't get it done. i am sad. he was our last american hope tonight, oh well. now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami. 
0	drove the bike today, about 40 miles. felt like jim carrey on me myself and irene! 
1	no way kung f**k you panda 2. don't judge me, i like animated movies . 
0	mta agent to me: "this card has been damanged since yesterday morning." me: "but i used it last night." mta: "no you didn'. 
1	rainy day, got a lot done tho. registration Tomorrow morning! ready to eat didn't and watch sons of anarchy, can't wait for the new season! 
-1	absolutely gutted. wish i could watch rt target lloyd robertson set to end 41year run as national news anchor tonight. 
1	i saw okay movie there friday night"rise of the planet of the apes",i still like conquest. 
0	what would happen if you lost access to your google account tomorrow? - i actually don't know. 
1	after an almost 60-year career, lloyd robertson broadcasts his last target sept 1, he joins us next. 
1	what i want to see on sunday on true blood - eric eric more eric naked eric pam did i mention eric? 
1	target target at the end of the night no girl that roll with me is on the mta! they are above that as long as i can afford that! 
0	i'm going to opeth at apolo in barcelona, spain - nov 22. 
-1	target i laugh to death!lol! don't trust the translation of google anymore! it's is full of errors! by the way you played truant today .\_/.! 
-1	very jealous of the ridiculous adventure target is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother. 
0	pavol demitra with the blues: 5th in scoring all time with 493 points in 494 games, 2000 lady byng trophy, & 3 all star games in 8 seasons. 
1	target target target don't forget to look out for me and target in the audience of celebrity juice tonight. 
0	safe mode with networking - no internet: i am troubleshooting a blue screen of death in windows 7 and may come back later with . 
0	rt target former nhl'er pavol demitra among the 44 dead in the russian plane crash earlier today. 
0	steve williams just threw tiger woods under the bus after win w adam scott today. after 33 years and 145 wins this is the best week of my life. 
1	looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight. has it started in ireland yet? what do tweeps think? 
1	caught up on true blood! i love it. now time for bed! night peeps. be safe tonight i am happy.! 
0	revisit: madonna: 12th studio album rumor update - there are several rumors regarding the new madonna. 
1	just in case you need some inspiration today. steve jobs' 2005 stanford commencement address: via target. 
0	lol, I'm going to real madrid fan, i don't want barca to win :. and i can see that barca is winning, crap haha. Come On real fans vote! 
0	today i learned that the new deus ex game is set in detroit. 
1	to anyone planning on watching the teen choice awards tonight. spoiler alert: the winners are justin bieber and twilight. 
1	excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight. 
0	time for musicmonday. today's choice is pj harvey - in the dark places, for the album let england shake enjoy monday! 
1	went to see "rise of the planet of the apes" tonight. it was pretty dope; i give it 5 bananas. 
-1	is it just me or is google apps email just plain slow today? 
0	yes! rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
0	ice cube should come out with a last friday with everybody! mike epps kat williams smokey big worm kevin hart & everybody else. 
0	today it's all about tablet pcs - here's a guide to the windows 7 operating system. 
0	why verizon's 4g limits may be the droid bionic's achilles heel - got to be mobile verizon phone. 
1	a win for either metronomy, everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight's mercury awards. 
1	off to learn about google analytic today. i hope it doesn't get too technical. looking forward to it though. 
1	is about to go see the help! can't wait for final destination 5 on friday! 
0	tonight's World Wrestling Entertainment raw takes place from the hp pavilion in san jose, california. confirmed for tonight's summerslam. 
0	latest: steelers, polamalu agree to four-year deal: the pittsburgh steelers agreed to terms saturday with troy . 
0	rt target former teammates of pavol demitra reflect on their fallen friend after the lokomotiv plane crash in russia today.ly/ofhtcq. 
1	good morning america of nicki minaj was great when she perform moment 4 life target nickiminaj. 
0	very quiet story-wise this morning. my only emails have been about my yammer activity & an alert about pj harvey tickets going on sale. 
-1	& then target I don't know he danger, we in a whip full w/deals,weapons & beyonce new cd - night almost killed me I am into self preservation bro. 
0	found high school musical on netflix.may or may not be watching it. wish you were here target. 
1	7/9/1983 madonna released "holiday" as a single from "madonna: the first album", it was the 1st madonna song to enter the billboard hot 100. 
-1	target conrad murray claims mj was unable to "sleep" the entire morning yet murray was on his phone all am--does that make sense? 
1	child like excitement building ahead of the rwc think my 2nd team is going to be tonga loveabitofbiff. 
1	yasss, deus ex is actually out 26th august. that's brightened up my day a bit i am happy. 
1	must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before 10pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy. 
-1	if the iphone5 doesn't come out on september 7th, i'm suing steve jobs.i can't put up with the motorola razr much longer. 
1	target sold out tonight! charlie sheen's cake party! marco hanna live with dudu sax ! 
-1	i want to see eb but I don't know don't look to good guess ill call it a netflix night. 
0	i was dreaming about vampire diaries last night. 
0	conrad murray's trial is set for september 8th, it will be shown on live television. i am watching it. 
1	can't be bothered final, celebrity juice, hollyoaks and hollyoaks later tonight, woo! 
0	every tweet i see tomorrow about jersey shore, I am tweeting 10 times about the nfl season opener. 
0	the mantra from republicans to democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan. 
1	devo brown: thanks for another great night everyone! don't forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson & jason priestley! 
1	nowplaying elvis presley. love me tender - just as good as target version at solus, cardiff in november '08. 
0	tepco un chief in japan as nuclear crisis simmers: un chief ban ki-moon arrived in japan on sunday, where he pl. 
0	final reports: ravens vs. steelers: tomorrow at 1pm, the regular season begins for the steelers when they face . 
0	world in union more -s/articles/roberto-alagna-hayley-westenra-et-andre-rieu-invites-sur-l-album-officiel-de-la-coupe-du-monde-de-rugby-2011. 
0	boise state may make brandon boykin's day. -4xv /via target uga dawgs boise georgia bulldogs. 
0	there's a bit of pj harvey going on today. 
1	can't wait for tomorrow night! and no not because of jersey shore but because it's the first official game of the nfl season! 
0	real madrid have signed a seven-year-old argentine boy, a spokesman for the club confirmed on monday. 
1	its 2 am & i have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning. to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore? to sleep! nah, i think i'll stay up :. 
-1	droid bionic pops up on motorola site, looks set for september 8 release: between the leaked ads, blurry photos . 
1	off to see the nokia n9 tomorrow. it'll be like being a real consumer tech dude again. also off to an event at the new winnings store. 
0	tempted to get a droid bionic today but rumors of the nexus/droid prime in november are keeping me from getting one. 
1	who wants to go see target beat canada's rugby team tonight in glendale, co? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way? 
1	tgi friday's was good! going to the moves to see "rise of the planet of the apes". 
1	morning all- another day at target meeting the stars of true blood. autographs and photos for me today, once the vodka-fug has cleared. 
1	celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. its a back to school special. 
0	heading out today with target tour to tupelo, mississippi to visit birthplace of elvis presley! 
0	at this point, motorola and verizon may just be allowing the droid bionic, one of the most hyped phones in rec. 
1	just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept 15th i am happy. 
0	sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: charlie sheen took it on the chin saturday night at a comedy central television roast. 
1	nokia n9 in nine seconds: by ian posted on the 13th of july 2011 at 8:35am global - the nokia n9 is fast. so fast that a regular 30-. 
0	so apparently lady gaga went to go see britney's femme fatale tour in atlantic city tonight! 
1	i guess i'm going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight. 
1	i'm really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of "that's my bitch" off watch the throne. monday must come sooner. 
1	charlie sheen seems pretty confident/badass for his upcoming roast. he actually seems like he has it together. i may watch. 
-1	target rt why does steve jobs hate you your link -colbert-report-videos/394247/august-09-2011/exclusive---the-cars---my-best-friend-s-girl-?xrs=synd_twitter "cars perform "my best friend's girl" needs flash to play. 
0	according to marca, neymar will be moving to real madrid in december 2 days after the club world cup. 
-1	yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan. i embarrassed as a japanese, was a moment of silence for the first time. 
0	leonel angel coira signed with real madrid and will begin training september 6th, he is 7. i need to get pax some cleats. 
0	woods sputters in third round at bridgestone: tiger woods slipped further down the leaderboard saturday after ca. 
-1	let's see what shitty movie netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight. 
0	additional confirmation that the droid bionic will be here september 8. 
1	finally watching last weeks true blood, ready for the new episode tonight. how is everyone else this morning? 
-1	today is my birthday,the anniversary of the death of elvis presley and the birthday of madonna,i wonder if i'll be famous.i=no talent |. 
1	congratulations to client target for his television debut on big brother's bit on the side last night, analysing social media mentions of housemates. 
0	target what you up to man? did you go see rise of the planet of the apes last night? 
1	anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at 2:55 tomorrow afternoon blackthornendmyrealhome. 
1	looking forward to celebrity juice tonight! 
1	aug 27th: ufc rio.anderson silva vs yushin okami.expect to see the best fighter on the planet put on a fucking show! 
1	1 day left!time is ticking down.tonga should start getting worried go blacks. 
1	rt target the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency: -happened-to-obamas-passion.html?pagewanted=4&ref i am happy.inion. 
1	kicking off the world cup" friday, all blacks vs tonga!?! i'm so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn & a glass a bubbly!?! 
-1	who all fuckin with twilight tonight ? 
0	why the most lovely artists are not always understood? lady gaga, justin bieber, miley cyrus etc etc today they have to know that. 
1	really looking forward to the release of deus ex: hour on friday, just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow. 
-1	perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the 9/11 10th anniversary. 
1	well since it's been the 7th here and japan 4 over 12 hours i'd like 2 wish my best friend forever target a grand 26th. sad i can't b there w/you. 
0	nokia n9 might just come to the uk, unofficially though: finnish mobile giant nokia may have made it clear that the uk, along with sw. 
0	wantin to go out tonite.but no one to go out with so i guess i'll be on netflix tonite. 
1	walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely. love london at night :. 
0	update: 'rise of the planet of the apes' takes in nearly $20m on friday - christian post. 
0	rt cbsatlbreaking: jury selection begins today in the trial of conrad murray. he's the doctor charged with involun. 
-1	pray no one gets hurt or killed in london tonight guys. this looks like it's going to go on for hours. 
-1	facebook scam says lady gaga's dead! - realbollywood.com news: london, aug 7: a scam doing the rounds on . 
0	target so when we are going to see you in twilight.i now its nov.but the date. 
1	we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night.i actually enjoyed it a lot! that chimp caesar was a great actor. 
1	britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night * me: who's concert was that ? i forgot. ;. 
0	all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months. 
0	program alert: target will be having a debate whether or not boise state can win it all! check out the show today at 11am mt! 
0	i've got one ticket to the michael jackson tribute gig for sale on oct 8th deathmatch target for details,please rt! 
0	monday morning mobile: the 24/7 consumer: when steve jobs made a surprise appearance to unveil the ipad2 earlier. 
1	i'm worried i may sing out loud on the train! beyonce's album just gets me in the singing mood everytime! 
-1	crap i meant to let One of my followers use my microsoft office thing for their computer today.well he'll get it one weekend when we both in town! 
1	target oh my f**king god britney is like here in ma. along with nicki minaj. omggg the concert is tomorrow i am happy.dd this is great! 
-1	my soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere. so far today has been a bigger bitch than madonna is to hydrangeas. 
1	prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash. pavol demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace. :'. 
1	watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that is full of helmets. surely I am not the only one? 
1	shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today. they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle! 
1	yaaayy! i am happy. rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august. 
-1	prayers and thoughts to pavol demitra's family today and all others on the plane. the blues nation lost a loved member today. 
1	target good morning irene i am happy. i love the tiger photies so much! do you own them? 
1	okay i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night!tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj tomorrow night - i need2get looking. 
1	yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august 17th should be well funny. 
0	i want to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight! 
0	if i said lady gaga is at britney spears' concert tonight. would you hold it against me? britneygaga clichehiamplug. 
1	target target four lions is on sunday night at 9pm on target make sure you watch it boys. 
1	had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson. bit in tomorrow's journal, & big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick-off. 
1	kicking off in london tonight? wait until you see the west ham fans tomorrow after we've beaten them 3-0 i am happy. 
0	*singing in my beyonce voice* i may be young, but i'm ready.to give you all my love. 
1	steelers going to beat the ravens tomorrow lol. 
1	listening to that elvis presley. he may be on to something with his rock and roll! 
0	target five year old decided he needed to follow a 2nd team when abs not playing. which one? after a lot of thought: tonga. 
-1	boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop2012 debate. same time as packers-saints nfl opener?!? 
0	four lions is on c4 at 9pm sunday if you haven't seen it. 
0	michael jackson's doctor, conrad murray is scheduled to go on trial on september 8th. can he receive a fair trial. 
-1	microsoft wasted my whole day today. but now i'm on win 7 sp1 v69sq with rockets on it. make it simple microsoft! also, i'm buying a mac. 
1	retweet if you're ready for big brother tonight! teamjorchel bb13 cbsbigbrother. 
-1	last night for target lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. 
1	off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas. oh yeah i am happy. 
1	very impressed with joco teenage republicans! 16 teens showed up today, ready to fight big government and obama! 
-1	maybe she won'.but shit then again maybe she will. - she will f**k THAT drake coming out today ! single off carter iv ! 
1	stayed up too late to watch the 1st ep of sons of anarchy. new favourite show! 
0	watching eclipse with katiee then vampire diaries for the rest of the night(. 
1	i will be at the movies friday night to see "final destination 5". i'm in love with scary movies i am happy. 
0	be here tonight at 6pm to see the ufc middleweight championship fight between anderson silva and yushin okami for free! 
1	weird thing today, my copy of deus ex: hour shipped. probaby have the box a few days before steam lets me play it. 
0	target do you think you could please more women in 1 night than charlie sheen? 
0	for those who haven't heard, lady gaga has attended britney spears' femme fatale tour tonight! 
-1	if twilight wins all the awards at the tca's tonight, i will burn my twilight posters k? 
1	target good! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at 1am so il be up watchin it for the great one. 
1	weezy's carter iv out on the 29th ! lets fuckin go. 
0	come and check out ufc 134 this saturday night at wings you at i am happy.m! anderson silvia vs. yushin okami for the world middle weight championship! 
1	wooohooo channel 4 is playing the film four lions on sunday at 9pm, everyone should watch such a funny film! 
1	in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept 3rd and give power to the pac nw! 
1	- how true. think it's time for another deus ex playthrough before dx3 is released friday week. 
0	target i am sure you know this but good night irene was a an old love song. ,_irene. 
0	come to "boot ride & rally with sons of anarchy & navy seal marcus luttrell" today from 3:30 pm to 6:30 pm. 
0	tokyo , seoul , london , new york kimama no idea sekai wo drive tonight kakuchi de hirou suru new style i am happy. 
0	one of the main influences for target 2nd album is michael jackson. no joke. 
1	thanks rachel for the love on big brother last night! glad to entertain you on target. 
-1	oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight. we are not playing. we are irrelevant tonight. 
-1	target target good morning, you two. have you heard about obama, the un, and agenda21? -barack-obamas-executive-orders-america-we-have-to-stop-this/ he's a traitor. 
0	details of matches we're showing live for the rugby world cup coming later today. 
0	foreign minister surapong to file complaint against democrats with police on mon at 3pm. 
1	talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the mta yesterday. no, seriously, bulletproof design. 
0	if he truly loves his party, boehner should be doing all he can to schedule obama's address on the same night as the gop debate. 
1	pj harvey or king creosote would be deserving winners of the mercury2011 prize tonight but think tinie tempah will nick it. 
1	okay this wookie boy too childish he say i got to hear my favorite song 1st and this niggah play 1+1 by beyonce i am happy. i love that song man. 
0	rt if you think that john cena is going to win at summerslam this sunday. 
-1	about as much interest in today as i do in the rugby world cup. 
1	tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney. 
-1	well, our playwright mel didn't make it to dawnsearlylight today due to mta's incompetence. so i guess we got to eat his birthday treats. 
-1	sunday dialogue: curing the health system: . fostered by republicans who place ideology over country, took tha. 
1	so you thanks me and ask if i can spend the night.haha i don't even know you 
0	my article preview: anderson silva vs. yushin okami. ufc134 rio. give it a read before the fights tonight. mma -preview-anderson-silva-vs-yushin-okami. 
1	evening grace patriots! god bless & restore are great country, are people, are vets, are men & women in uniform, & the nations of israel & japan! 
1	all right everyone lets do this. 2 winners tonight at 9pmest. girl and boy winners. 1600 microsoft points. at me and follow for a chance to win. 
1	target oh that'll be nice. where you going? umm think i'm going to see inbetweeners on wednesday, otherwise free? hannibal rising? 
0	michaeling: : talking or tweeting about michael jackson a lot. examples: "i was michaeling all day today. 
-1	i'm sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch gogaga. 
1	mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more . 
0	so if the premiership is called off on saturday who is for inbetweeners? 
-1	target you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday, right? why does the card have only 4 matches right now? 
-1	macdougall is killing the raiders. mad dog scores 2nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston. gidley misses kick. knights 16-4. 
1	one night like in vegas i make that nigga famous. 
1	anderson silva is fighting saturday in the ufc. you know he can't lose. 
1	jersey shore season four tonight i am happy. 
0	wrapping up this jersey shore commercial today. fist pumping all day. 
0	rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
-1	this earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the mta that hasn't caused service disruptions. 
0	check out the brand new video for target 'dinosaurs' released aug 29th on mta. 
1	went to see "rise of the planet of the apes" tonight great movie b+ for sure.lchris-rockz! 
-1	windows 7 brain damage this evening. apple should just buy microsoft and crush the life out of it. 
1	target target yeah, it's on netflix i think now. i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today. 
1	also back to school special celebrity juice on itv2 tonight! 
-1	i was watching ex-ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson! 
0	the raiders game is tomorrow and i'm juiced. who is going or wants to go to the game? 
-1	nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy. details on www.scotlandrugbyteam.org. 
0	singsnap | one night with you by jclabb in the style of elvis presley. 
0	i on sunday: ahead of inbetweeners film 10 other sitcoms which went on holiday to big screen + watercooler + hero of the week michael winner. 
1	i could have had the best day ever!.if i had went to the nicki minaj concert in ac tonight. 
0	so far today i have been asked who will win the rugby world cup and what the score would be between darlington/fleetwood. 
1	want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight. the man is a total class act. ctv lloydrobertson. 
0	a night to just lay up & watch movies on netflix. 
0	so who wants to watch the steelers game with me on sunday? 
0	see what we just published at mma rants today: anderson silva made the most disturbing burger king comme -d6 target. 
1	target watched the cricket, awesome game, followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves! great night of tv! 
1	watching kung f**k you panda 2 with the tribe & the nieces.a mellow evening. 
0	rt target "truth is like the sun. you can shut it out for a time, but it am not goin' away.", elvis presley. 
-1	my 1st ever male friend in london just send me a ping! that ping is so annoying, he is my 1st good friend bet why this ping? angry much. 
-1	fake democrats lose in wisconsin primary recalls all six fake democrats lost to democrats supported by the party in primaries tuesday that. 
1	summerslam may be interesting after all! target saves the day again. 
1	steve jobs is my man of the century. 10 years ago, they were this close to bankruptcy. today, apple is the most valuable company in d world. 
-1	no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans. 
0	w00t. rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
1	can't wait until anderson silva taps out tonight target target. 
0	someone comes to me and is like 'irene, what time did you got home yesterday? what time did you left here' plantation. 
0	season 3 of sons of anarchy needs to hurry the eff up already. come on august 30! 
0	so the dude on shameless last night is lucien from big brother. 
1	last night i had a dream that i made it to the vma's , & i was on 106&park talking about my album coming out. time to make it all a reality. 
0	i shall now spend the rest of the night on netflix. 
0	ha!rt target after a weekend of subway mayhem, the mta expects service to return to normal for your morning commute. 
1	ok, so i've watched jersey shore today for the first time ever. can't say i believe the hype. but its comical. 
0	our new dance instructor for clubfitness has toured with beyonce! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy! 
0	repaired elderly female's windows 7 based laptop today and in her living room was the largest 1080i cathode ray tube ever, 55". 
0	droid bionic comes out the 8th? ohhh hmm. 
1	nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth! perfect saturday night i am happy. 
-1	boehner wants obama to move his speech on wed to thurs of next week, due to the gop debate on wed. no sense of urgency while americans suffer. 
-1	fire up the outrage machine, because channel 4 are showing four lions as part of a 9/11 anniversary season: -2031161/channel-4-suicide-bombing-comedy-four-lions-mark-tenth-anniversary-september-11.html. 
1	we salute you lloyd robertson. good evening. ltotheltotheoyd fb. 
-1	target cannot afford to go like target in the 4th. carter iv has to be great, anything less its a failure. 
-1	four lions is a brilliant film but i think it may be a bit insensitive of channel 4 to show it so close to 9/11. 
1	target guess what I am working in the day on 17th meaning you can come over so we can be excited aaand we can go see inbetweeners! 
0	who going to see kevin hart on the 8th ? 
0	today: republicans might hate obama's health care law, but fighting the details is tough. 
0	the target take on canada tonight at 9pm est in a warm-up before the rugby world cup - if you have direct tv. 
0	michael jackson doctor trial to begin jury selection thursday: jury selection in the manslaugher case against doctor. 
-1	are you waiting for nokia n9 getting released in us. well, that may not happen. i am sad.
-1	i honestly cannot believe why australia aren't taking target to the rugby world cup. might not be 1st choice, but still a talent. 
0	thoughts and prayers with pavol demitra's family today, and the entire hockey team who perished in a plane crash today. 
0	big brother last night on channel 5 peaked at 2 million and beat bbc two, itv1 and c4 in it's slot. plus can't be bothered final tomorrow! 
0	might just watch the rest of jersey shore online and call it a night. 
-1	ask for little wayne, get michael jackson. bug me about wiz khalifa, get guns & roses. the point of the night is to step outside the matrix. 
0	my article preview: anderson silva vs. yushin okami. ufc134 rio. give it a read before the fights tonight. mma -preview-anderson-silva-vs-yushin-okami. 
0	woods down to 30th in world rankings: tiger woods has dropped another two places to 30th in the latest world rankings. 
-1	it's 1:30 in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries. 
0	target free. just ask you post a tweet or video about it. but i can't send anything for 2 weeks as i'm flying to japan tomorrow. 
1	finished deus ex last night. should probably stay tight-lipped, but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb! 
0	World Wrestling Entertainment monday night raw: live blog, results & coverage of the road to summerslam - bleacher report: bleacher . 
0	timezones outside of canada seem to confuse me, but i'm cheering for tonga in tomorrow's rwc opener. at least, i think it's tomorrow. 
0	boehner rejects 7th, invites obama on 8th, nfl opening night. so obama just has to speak at wh on 7th to "save" football coverage? 
0	desperately needing girl talk! cart wait for true blood tomorrow with target & target. 
0	target target target target celebrity juice on tonight! 
-1	stuck at the office tomorrow saffers? missing ab's v tonga? try target on streaming alternative rugby commentary - arc. 
0	ddb los angeles announced today the launch of its new campaign for deus ex: human revolution, the highly anticipated third installmen. 
1	wohooo! rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
0	little story. my dad asked me today, "who is silva fighting tonight?" and i replied "yushin okami." 5 minutes later my dad asks. 
1	oh look, four lions is on channel 4 tonight. do watch it if you haven't before. brilliant film; i properly laughed and properly cried. 
1	shating rt target celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. its a back to school special. 
0	rt target golf balls with pelosi's face on them allegedly distributed at boehner fundraiser today. | sick! 
0	and here it comes! the main about for the evening, anderson silva vs. yushin okami ufcrio. 
1	today i saw many great news, like _hp touchpad_ discount and another news is about nokia n9 swipe. this new. 
0	inbetweeners and ben and jerry's tonight i think ! 
0	china renews google's operating licence: china said wednesday it had renewed google's licence to operate in the . 
1	it's a historic day at ctv. tonight, lloyd robertson will anchor the national news for the last time lloyd. 
0	ha rt target start of nfl preseason tonight marks the beginning of the raiders season, and the end of raiders postseason hopes. 
1	hmmm.thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery. 311day2012 in vegas and 311cruise in may.decisions to be made! 
1	target good morning irene ^_^ have a nice day! 
0	all across the us, with live feeds down, big brother fans are seeing the sun for the first time in months. 
0	with the ceremony tomorrow today's target tracks of the day come from pj harvey and metronomy. 
0	target I'm going to check it out then wait till the carter iv drop on the 29th before i make a decision like that one lol. 
1	gamers! don't even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight. we've got rage, deus ex, bodycount, dead island & more! 
1	in the car with the parents on the way back home home. heading to atlanta to say good-bye to "sweet irene"tomorrow. 
0	anyone going to tomorrow night's nz vs tonga game? what colours will you be wearing? 
0	target target can't find the angle i was watching but it looked a bit like rvp v barcelona 1st leg to me. 
0	lloyd robertson set to end 41-year run as national news anchor tonight - news957: target target. 
0	target how was your day today? did you enjoy watching softball. we missed you on tiger woods. 
-1	the mta should cost less at night. i think i waited more than 45 minutes. and it's pretty freaking hot underground. nycproblems. 
1	anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight. 
1	the other night i had a dream uga beat boise state. let's hope it comes true. 
0	target please entertain me tonight, it's the final raw leading into summerslam! 
1	please believe on sept 9th i will be in the theater watching kevin hart's new movie. 
0	on my way to the airport with 50 minute sleep all night.eyes burning like i'm on true blood.wtf. 
0	target the raiders are on the field for their tueday afternoon practice as they get ready to face arizona thursday night in oakland. 
1	it still hasn't hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers & ravens day. 
1	sometimes you just got to put the michael jackson song from free willy on repeat all morning. 
1	our new dance instructor for clubfitness has toured with beyonce! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy! 
-1	oh my God worst last 10 days in a while. looking forward to true blood to cheer me up tonight. 
0	sept 19 rt target i'm very mad they just showed a "sons of anarchy" commercial.
1	i may love asians from japan! but i have a girl that i'm going to marry. believe it! she's a ghetto ass short girl that's clumsy as fuck lol. 
1	saw "rise of the planet of the apes" with the girlfriend last night.it was a pretty damn good movie.y'all should go check it out. 
1	today's friendly fire number 1 goes to target because he's So good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security. 
-1	somewhere in appleland, steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen. 
1	next monday = vampire diaries are back! watch it i am happy. very happy now i am happy. 
-1	remembering the good times with pavol demitra, i was there on this night.deeply saddened by todays tragedy. 
1	beyonce sang the words we could never come up with! "best thing i never had." i didn't give the song a chance at 1st, but it's growing on me. 
0	."including former kings forward pavol demitra, former kings prospect jan marek and many other members of the nhl family. 
0	oh god, just realised i'm chain-smoking in mother's party wig and pretending i'm pj harvey. going to get disemboweled in the morning for stinky. 
1	target congratulations to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis. last broadcast on ctv nat'l news is thursday. 
-1	congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight - suppose we'll see you in the education related protests soon singlecell. 
0	tuesday is the 34th anniversary of the death of elvis presley? what is elvis' biggest selling single? 
0	tomorrow night i'll be at the goldfish bar for the deus ex launch, anyone want to come for free? 
1	ok I am done lookin at nicki minaj's titties for 2nite.found someone to skype with! smiles for those late night skype sessions.god bless women. 
0	hore ! rt target kung f**k you panda 2 tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
1	just watched four lions, cool. awesome song to finish it with too. nowplaying aphex twin - avril 14th. 
-1	target failed yet again with bpos and their customer service - "overnight work" - guess what microsoft? it's morning here. 
-1	the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this: all six dems are now winners. all six repubs are losers-to-be. wirecall p2. 
1	this friday night at the warehouse, dowtown shreveport, 9 pm. irene and the sleepers, super water sympathy, and cowboy mouth! be there! 
-1	springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup. ek dink this gooie nuus! 
1	saadra: the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom. the latest round of spyshots . 
-1	goodnight,irene.al,you are easily amused. this club stinks.i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant. 
-1	remembering former st. louis blues star pavol demitra today. he was a true talent & class guy all the way. a very sad loss for his family. 
0	un chief heads to japan as nuclear crisis simmers: un chief ban ki-moon arrives in japan on sunday, where he pla. 
0	tiger woods mistress charged with dui: you may remember jamie jungers as tiger wood's fourth mistress to come. 
-1	we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun : immigrants. 'hero police' will also get a headline. 
0	wales' rugby world cup squad will be named at 9:00pm tonight, melbourne time. we'll soon find out whether the. 
1	in barcelona tomorrow. time to bring out the tees and shorts i am happy. 
1	her's us making sure people feel okay with windows 7 today i am happy. buy windows 7 today, keep same pc for windows 8 upgrade -windows-8.html?hpg1=bn. 
1	mbaaah!shut up & sleep or sit down!*i love nohle* rt target wish i could fly to irene just 2 get my good night kiss! 
0	vampire diaries season 3 scoop: vicki is at odds with anna - today's news: our take | tvguide.com -. 
0	lady gaga attending the femme fatale - britney spears concert in new jersey tonight. 
-1	really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell "i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!" lloyd. 
0	some well known names "may" have been on the plane according to the toronto star , pavol demitra, josef vacicek. 
1	droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc, may finally be headed for 
0	the run time for final destination 5 is 1 hour and about 33 mins. it is premiering at the chinese theatre tonight. 
-1	hey gop, no matter how you slam obama, you own our credit rating downgrade. it is all your fault, & we'll remind you in nov 2012 p2 tcot. 
-1	wayne is on his 4th single with carter iv already & still no album drop. sounds to me like he's searching for hits but hasn't found one yet. 
0	suengyeon said that 'kamilia is miracle' in the fanmeeting in japan yesterday. 
1	lloyd robertson's last newscast is tomorrow night. the end of an amazing career. and honestly, the end of an era thatsthekindofdayitsbeen. 
-1	so sad to hear about pavol demitra & the other khl players' tragic passing in the plane crash today. absolutely terrible news. 
0	four lions in on this sunday. have to record that. still not seen it yet. 
1	pj harvey has to win, nobody deserves it more, the new album was amazing! -harvey-mercury-prize-2011. 
0	-madrid-seven-year-old real madrid sign a 7year old from argentina maybe the next messi! 
0	classy rt target boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night. 
0	ha! they got pictures of nicki minaj boobies coming out when she performed on good morning america. 
0	reply doing a bio and watching the republicans debate while smashing some pineapple sherbet. not sure what to make of this evening lol. 
1	target got you in 6th rd. have a great year! here we go steelers, here we go! 
-1	beyonce needs a new sound. you may call it hating, i'm just being real. 
1	look forward to watching alex reid on celebrity juice at 10pm on itv2 tonight. 
0	I am getting the carter iv when it comes out august 29. 
1	just found all of st: voyager on netflix. i know what i'm doing for the rest of the night. 
-1	today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper. i beg to differ. since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that? 
1	well the cool thing with democrats in power, doma is getting reviewed on the 20th. 
1	nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 i am happy. 
-1	have you hated auburn today? 
1	espn got some good stuff on tonight. 
0	aaron rodgers jersey battery room, under the windmill. wagnoli - 4 august 2011 - web log - designer wedding dresses sale. 
1	full time. happy days. apologies for the tweetathon, got to finish tomorrow's presentation now, derby in the morning. pizzasweats dominos. 
1	chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday. only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv. 
1	because the night belongs to lovers -> nuit blanche :0) video art love. 
1	may the sun in his course visit no land more free,more happy, more lovely, than this our own country.happy independence day. 
1	talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to see all my family and my great granny! 
0	espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday. haven't watched the game yet but the stats tell one story. 
0	jeopardy where everyone will be watching the ravens vs eagles game this thursday. what is target ? 
0	come novemember through january don't open your mouth about nfl. 
0	target clemson sweatshirt came in today, got new uggs and got a couple pairs of 7 jeans.im ready but winter wont be the same. 
1	3words "tonight's the night" dexter targe. 
0	one name illini fans will recognize on tonight's box score for new zealand is kirk penney, who played for wisconsin from 2000-03. 
1	for my book worms: murder in italy about amanda knox and "in the middle of the night" about dr. petit family in connecticut are great reads! 
1	looking at the set for aladdin - great job target ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing, dance & act tonight targe. 
0	sept 9-11th pcb florida 60$ a person due by aug 27th need 15 more people to fill the bus deathmatch me. 
1	jets flying low over the house this morning. gives me a tingle of excitement. only a week to go before i take off. but 4now, out into cold. 
1	target omg, he's comming to mexico! i'll be on 1st line, believe. jailbait rt me i am happy. 
0	rt target rumors say it is "tangled" and it may replace beauty and the beast at studios and aladdin at dca. just a rumor for now. 
0	rttarget a dramatic hearing today in the case of amanda knox, the american woman convicted of murder in italy. 
0	chess game today. if anyone is in dumbo today at the brooklyn bridge pier. come play a game with me. 
1	saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc. enjoy car-free streets between brooklyn bridge and central park! 
-1	target according to reporters on the scene, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. sorry bro. 
1	addicted to dexter. what's new. almost done with season 5 and i just got it on thursday! 
0	andy rooney will make his last "60 minutes" appearance sunday. here are his 10 grumpiest moments . 
1	target happy birthday in italy i am happy. i know it's tomorrow but party is today! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy: we love u2. 
-1	if you thought the london riots were bad just wait until the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled. 
1	this is the last sunday with out football .,nfl is back baby. 
0	did i miss the charlie sheen roast on comedy central or is it sept 19th? 
0	i stay up until 6:30 every morning just to watch between the lions. 
0	just commented on target amanda knox appeal enters final stages as it resumes today -. 
1	the lovely target on the show friday. until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas on cbs. 
0	entourage then going to eagles training camp tomorrow with target and target. 
1	rungeordierun should be given a heros welcome at the arsenal game on saturday.target target. 
0	after losing 2 last week, today the gop is trying to win 2 senate seats in wisconsin by recalling 2 democrats. it looks like they'll fail. 
0	1 more day of work tomorrow then it's bolton, first away of the season mcmcfmcfcok. 
0	amanda knox case: the obsession with what happened that night in italy. 
1	nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night. he really is turning on the heat! 
0	nfl lions news: lions rookie rb mikel leshoure went down with an apparent leg injury during practice this morning. 
1	my mom just told me she's getting an ipad 2 on friday.i better get a mac for christmas. 
1	twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hall of fame speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight. 
0	andy rooney, 92, will make his last regular appearance on target this sunday, cbs just announced. 
1	glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll. auburn, which is likely to finish 5th in second west, no. 19 in country? 
1	comedy central is a good look tonight. 
1	had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque, could easily be mexico or spain! off to vegas tomorrow should get there monday morning! 
0	target yeah, I'm going to be in vegas from 18th-23rd so i just want a dinner in dallas with friends. 
0	espn stats from sco v ireland yesterday. haven't watched the game yet but the stats tell one story. 
-1	mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more . 
0	snsd's tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang My computer sucks for the such bull s**t k-pop super concert nov 10. 
0	tottenham boss andre villas-boas has confirmed he has no plans to sell emmanuel adebayor in the january. 
0	tiffany, cnblue's yonghwa and b2st's kikwang will mc for the such bull s**t k-pop super concert in america on nov 10. 
0	sitting on my luggage and smelling jerusalem ,click like if you hope to visit israel soon . december tour. 
-1	target how they gone kill you on the 1st episode of the new season of breakout kings? damn no more eye candy. miss you. 
1	mcilroy keeps a steady hand during the honda classic second round | golf channel -central-friday-march-2-2012-second-round-rory-mcilroy/ via target. 
1	i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now she's tweeting lyrics from her 4th album! I am so excited! i love it.. 
0	black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on october 20th 2012 - black object that obscured the sky and stars: . 
0	wordtomymuva i'm going to that lakers vs heat game feb 10th in miami iamnotpetty. 
0	animal planet has a show that just shows puppies.guess i know how i'm spending my saturday's for the next 20 years or so. 
0	quick panch run with dozer and ying turns into me getting home at 1230 on monday. 
0	lg spectrum ice cream sandwich will start rolling out tomorrow: starting tomorrow owners of the lg spectr. 
0	did you know unlv and ucla are playing saturday? so are texas and gonzaga. secret scrimmages part deux from target -on-college-basketball/20762770/secret-scrimmages-part-ii. 
1	now that the sun is on him, my iguana is more active. 
1	can't wait for im so sorry tomorrow. not but at least ill have kenna with me. 
1	happy birthday wilt chamberlain! he may be dead, but was also known for being stiff when he was alive. 
1	i love watching mersey side derbys but you just know mariner will ruined it in the 1st 10 minutes. 
0	fca tomorrow! what does a butterfly, a circus and you have in common? 
1	on the real tho. i don't care if you never go to your schools young life, you should definitely go to all city tomorrow night. 
1	who is ready to party with us, march fourth marching band, and mthds this saturday night at the gothic theatre?. 
1	I don't care if tomorrow decides to be a shitty day i'm going to make it the best goddamn day ever. 
0	kalo messi?rt target pic: jose mourinho with sun mingming (chinese basket ball player & one of the . 
1	ermagerd! conor oberst target target is playing the barbican centre in february. i must find a way. 
0	.target phase two sneakers off with 'iron man 3' trailer on october 23rd -phase-two-kicks-off-with-iron-man-3-trailer-on-october-23rd/ via target. 
1	happy birthday target ! national bieber day . now he's 18th years, but he's stillkidrauhl indonesiasayshbdforjustinbieber. 
1	trifecta.lions win.tigers win.tigers win again = a good sunday siting on the couch. 
1	so in marching band we're supposed to have music memorized for saturday.i've had it down since band camp whoops overachiever dontmindme. 
0	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, ashley young & jonn. 
1	david miliband on bbcqt! this is going to be a wild thursday night! 
1	counting by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville. i always listen to it on the roadtrip. saturday will be no exception i am happy. 
0	this saturday, cherry moon will burst with some raw beatzzz from the masters. you like it raw? 
-1	this mess is coming towards us tomorrow. spc has a slight risk out for tomorrow, and we'll know more about what it. 
1	watched the cabin in the woods, silent house, psycho, and the rocky horror picture show today! i am happy. tomorrow iba naman ulit! :. 
1	tryna make tomorrow much better. 
-1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game. 
0	apparently there is an office for the feast of blessed pope john paul ii which is on monday; -of-blessed-john-paul-ii-theres.html win catholic prayer. 
1	- joseph prince :jesus is not present to find fault with you today. you may have been raised in.jesus is . 
1	my sister and i are going to social media this saturday afternoon to watch lorax. i am so asking my dad for popcorn money. i am happy. 
1	if i ever celebrated halloween i'd either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl with the braids from friday :. 
0	3dt begins this thursday at the "..c" signatureeventcenter 2001 south lumpkin rd $3 with college id $5 with regular id until 11pm! 
1	harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment, but the ap still labels his photos as "zach johnson. 
0	timmonsville residents live with guns behind locked doors -- -dee/2012/aug/20/timmonsville-residents-live-guns-behind-locked-doo-ar-4372993/. 
1	starts friday night irving plaza New York City me and target touring with chiodos <- stoked. 
0	rugby: danny care will start the final test against south africa on saturday in a much-changed england team. 
-1	a single-vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen. james brandon banks, 19, was. 
0	forbes the nyse, nasdaq and the other us stock markets all made a wise decision to take rain days on monday and. 
1	target best line ever as abby "he wears $3000 sun glasses & has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that? 
1	'simchat torah bash!' at the chaplains tomorrow night at 9! a night you will enjoy as much as purim! see event for more details! 
1	directioners! now we have to prove that we are a big family! on friday released video for the song little things. 
0	anderson cooper and kristin chenoweth on his coming out: anderson live premiered monday, with kristi. gay, lgbt. 
1	really looking forward to the passion 4 pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville. it's perfect for . 
0	downloaded joseph prince - keep your eyes on jesus - 10 jun 2012 with realplayer. 
1	when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball?: tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro. 
0	sat's kids' club is a halloween special! labyrinth with spooky treasure hunt+ activities from 10:30am. directed by jim henson. 
1	i will be performing at the don't care star on september 1st hope you all can come through!
0	may as well sign up scott dann and affirmative johnson whilst your at it. 
0	two guest list tickets to give away for joan armatrading's show at Stop That david's on thursday keep it locked to find out more! 
1	ok, going to be with target on saturday at social media bacolod, to meet my crush! xd! 
1	tonight $2 tipsy tuesdays at 1433 arch street at big bangs good food, music, and $2 drinks at  15th & arch. 
-1	steve emerson interview on shameful us response to islamist riots on sun television : ipt in the news : the investigat. 
1	lorenzo brown gave nervous ncstate fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain. 
-1	just watched the whole 2nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show -.-. 
1	state qualifiers, young life, short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good(. 
1	fancy an enhanced acca on your sunday morning? take the 9/1 on espanyol, lazio & heracles all winning! 
0	target target just saw rhonda rousey will be at ufc event in seattle december 8. you should have the rematch here, near home! 
1	don't miss this tonight and tomorrow! big day of the dead celebration!. 
1	eskom's entrepreneurship education simama ranta 9 provincial winning schools exhibit at coca-cola dome 13 - 16 september. see you there. 
1	me myles and will are all sat in chesters bed with chester on the floor. playing fifa. feel like a boy. 
0	drexel cancels classes. drexel medicine clinic hours are canceled all day monday & on tuesday until at least 12pm due to weather. 
1	asikkk nanti di konser java jazz ada kak sierranya,hmm it's a good news!*lirik targe. 
0	e l james is writing a 4th book to the fifty shades series! it will be out before christmas i am happy. 
0	target with the 28th pick.the packers select some fat punter out of wichita street. 
1	can't wait to see the lakers tomorrow! 
0	australian directioners! does anyone know what time the mtt premire is tomorrow? 
1	pack's brown looks to rebound: lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping today's game against the . 
1	ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked: what is america's single worst problem? i'd argue ignorance is a very close 2nd. 
0	grace means you give something they may not deserve, but you give it to them anyway. - joseph prince. 
0	everybody needa fw target nov 3rd. doors open at 8. people w/polo & leggings $5 before 9 target on the spins, maino on the mic! 
1	gabe carimi called for his 2nd holding and 3rd in 2 games. but got lucky with offsetting calls. its his first time facing de cliff avril. 
1	2 in the bcs! let's all enjoy this moment in the sun. it's been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful! 
0	yes, it is us: " black triangle sighting in plainfield, illinois on january 4th 2000 - large triangle . " aliens. 
1	tomorrow! if You havent marked it in your calender.do it now! christina grimmie on dwts! history will be made! 
1	adhitia sofyan on java jazz, march 3rd, can't wait! give me a day off, please. 
0	real madrid coach jose mourinho faces further selection dilemmas ahead of sunday's la liga trip to real mallorca, with sami khedira, . 
0	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, ashley yo. 
0	it may finally be the lakers vs heat national basketball association finals matchup due to the harden trade. 
0	and apparently it's also national bieber day as well as Stop That david's day and worldbookday. 
0	our business club's networking dinner with eskom's cfo paul o'flaherty is on 29 october. book with lisa 0118704263 pic.twitter.com/djl5dvku. 
-1	bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on 2g: bharatiya janata party members on tuesday walked out of the . 
1	take care to see a celebration of harold pinter at internet protocol on sat aug 25 with celebrated actor julian sands - 01943 609539 for tickets. 
1	this saturday i'll be playing business to business with dark-e at sjoekoe birthday bash . be there! full line up:. 
0	this new shirt, with a quote from dr. seuss, reminds us that weird we may be, but love is just as weird! 
0	premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szczesny, . football soccer. 
0	i added a video to a target playlist francis . - history of the disease - march 7, 20. 
0	vashon is already abuzz with the news that 2013 strawberry festival is the 3rd week of july. calanders are being marked, plans being made. 
1	pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit: karachi: pakistan's cricket board said on sunday it hopes to. 
1	love shepard fairey's work and in particular this portrait of bob dylan, the reluctant spokesman: -hope-the-work-of-shepard-fairey?cmp=twt_fd /?picture=397920398&index=7. 
1	tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday. two of the greatest hip-hop/r&b artist on the same stage, same. 
-1	btw, whoever decided to use rohypnol as a date rape drug, may you get creepy diseases and may you wish to die every second of your life! >_<. 
-1	ahhh song joongki. why you still on the 3rd place ? *sobs*. 
1	happy birthday roman abramovich. treat yourself to a nice present in january. i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely. 
1	target make sure you tune into target on , tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm, special guest young savage. 
1	get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here. 
1	happy birthday to the late, great jim henson. changed the world of entertainment. may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later. 
0	i'll let killing joke deal with my sunday night blues instead. that's dave grohl on drums too. 
0	regus 3rd place site opening throughout europe. check out the new uk locations at beaconsfield and cobham. 
1	an incredible day in west liberty, ky. a small but strong community moving forward after march 2 tornadoes. 
0	lpg consumers can now fill up kyc form till nov 15: the government has extended by 15 days the deadline for filling. 
0	fb: warriors fans can pick up the 3rd quarter of esu's 35-28 win vs west chester 
1	mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley. nice little sunday lined up. 
0	we are presenting at the mrwa's annual trifecta on sept 12 in northfield, ma. stop by the booth and see utility cloud in action! 
-1	this dude from jerusalem say he can't take a test thursday because holloween wednesday&he's going to have a hang over purehonesty. 
0	target what should tomorrow night's kandikoatednight topic be? -- how i'm going to get on kandi factory! 
-1	looks for tom boonen but knows he'll be face down in a mountain of sherbet. race day tomorrow. prep of pros. 
0	dallas mavericks 1st round draft pick jared cunningham could be heading to the d league when the season starts 
1	target let's just say, i call it the casey's trifecta. i'll explain in homeroom tomorrow.after i ask cory to homecoming lol. 
1	wichita Stop That is just a team full of corncobs. also, if they play "we ready" today, place will explode. shakeandbakejays bootstoasses. 
1	celebrating Stop That george's day, the bard's birth day or even world book day? april 23rd is a great day for history, heritage & culture. 
1	target met you today at cobham! gave you my twitter? any chance of that follow mate? thanks for stopping, good luck tomorrow dude! 
1	target i love doing that, hey we are running the fox run tomorrow together ok ? lets try and beat the record. 
0	each january, a new fafsa is available for the upcoming school year, and completing it is free when you go to the. 
1	rg-3 showed me a lot of skill today but, the nyg & defense secures eli's 24th come from behind victory! forcing 5 turnovers on wsh hihaterz. 
0	mark martin qualifies 3rd at charlotte. giddy about racing still says "when i stop racing i will still compete" pic.twitter.com/vzdei8lx. 
1	target come and enjoy java jazz on the move target jan 28th . | -- serpong jauh, cyinn! :. 
1	its tuesday & time for young life! 8:32pm union lyceum. takin' it up a notch tonight! come join us whywouldyounot. 
1	can't wait 4 mon! target target check out bill carter's piece in the target : "prime-time stern" targe. 
0	laguna hills phone fox tuesday comedy sizzle: catch the premieres of new girl, ben and kate an. telephone systems. 
1	not too late to come down to our monday night open microphone to sing or just have a good time! iguana 240 w 54 street will be here till 9 pm. 
0	ncst extend their biggest lead of the game with a lorenzo brown trey. up 11 pt, 47-36, mid 2nd half! 
1	this time tomorrow i will be at alexandra palace seeing jack white live for the second time in the last two months:. 
0	1st i thought he was david ruffin impersonator. then i thought he was a backup singer for miguel. sn: your . 
1	just got him tickets to the knicks vs celtics game on october 20 laughing my f**king a** off how mad would he be ? 
0	joseph prince - none of us, all of christ! - 14 oct 2012: via target how much of god's grace do you need? 
1	saturday 27/10/12 regal in session with the big tunes crew at the iguana reading more niceness to keep yeah skanking hard. 
0	got plans tonight? join us at aj's on poyntz for thursday night live! jessica furney will be playing 7-9 pm. 
1	looking forward to preaching at plant city's first baptist sunday at 6:30pm. new city church will be baptizing 2 into the kingdom. praise god. 
0	geoff shackelford: honda classic ratings up 78%: michael hiestand with the. 
1	tonight! we proudly pres. our 7th halloween party with limewax & many more - this time at studio 21 
0	this saturday green velvet back at cherry moon! together with deg, frank zolex, youri parker & dj ghost! be part. 
0	glow in the dark t-shirt workshop at grange playcentre on thur 1.11.12 10-11.30 am. 
0	vanessa and denies are coming shopping with me on black friday.! 
1	happy 15th anniversity kuya gloc9 you are number 1 rapper and francis . 
0	that's it for the week. i'll talk again later after i my my bad and Counter-Strike class. in other news simcity is a passalong and venus goes over the sun. 
1	can't wait to see target in south africa on the 14th dude is on another level. check this out -tww3ihzgsg. 
0	target shield kids event october 5th target bar and grill in pico rivera come and help support the fundraiser 4 abused and abandon children. 
0	spread the word! the workshop is dayton, oh is not cancelled! i will be in ohio tomorrow & i'll be at the party saturday night! 
0	busy preparing for izzy's mini masterclasses in the studio tomorrow. decadent chocolate ganache torte to welcome our attendees. good idea? 
0	simcity delayed, now erecting on march 5: if you were thrilled by the recent lenghty demonstration of simcity or. 
-1	i miss one day & it seems like they're about to give me im so sorry tomorrow. what the f**k pt. 
1	i wish stevie television was on i'd be laughing right now, well,pandora it is ! 
1	i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy laughing out loud my bday. come party with me having . <via instagram>. 
0	euro parliament may freeze contacts with duma until russia holds free and fair elections - breaking news buzz. 
0	the total number of distressed properties for sale declined for the 4th straight week to 282 in fairfax, loudoun, and arlington. 
0	wildcat workout october 31st in the old gym at 7pm! fvsu rrrttt. 
0	yes, it is us: " black triangle sighting in pompano beach, florida on october 28th 2012 - basically it. " aliens. 
0	getting ready to head to pico rivera to meet up with my halloween stylist target trying to get a look together by tomorrow night! 
1	photo: good monday morning and happy world book day! :3 
0	track meet tomorrow south florence, timmonsville, and the worlds finnest west florence tracknation. 
0	planned maintenance for the playstation network scheduled for monday, october 15th from 4am to 4pm pacific time 7am to 7pm eastern reminder. 
1	don't forget, wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city. come see me emcee! $300 cash prizes. 
1	5 page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time? watching the animal planet. 
0	suck it up up 2 sets to 0 at drake , looking to keep sole possession of 4th place in mvc. just underway in the 3rd set. 
1	had a great conversation with a guy at 16th & mission after he gave me his last book for world book day. it was nifty, dude! 
0	knicks vs celtics is just a 3pt shootout new york has 9 and there's 5 minutes left in the 2nd. 
-1	don't get me on the topic of andrew breitbart again. i cried like a child last saturday. 
-1	oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams' book, he's going to demand an upgrade to 1st class. 
1	tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie i am happy. 
0	thursday night football open thread - buccaneers vs. vikings: tonight, the tampa bay buccaneers will take on the. 
0	free showing of the "lorax" this friday night after trunk or treat at .. riddle stadium. 
1	mark martin: morning! *yawn* good weekend so far? 'like' this status if you're having a lazy sunday or. 
-1	cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game against the minnes. 
-1	jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving 'wisdom'. isn't their business style part of what made this mess in the 1st. 
1	best of luck to target at illinois state tonight! domination of the 2nd half of the mvc season starts tonight! 
1	target vanessa's going to be at the soccer field tomorrow, not the gym-- she forced me to tell you i am happy. 
1	zionsville students did well on istep! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrow's paper! 
1	america day is coming up next thursday! target and i are going all out. jointhetribe mysoulisnative. 
1	yeah i'm pretty sure i'm going to selma tomorrow. 
0	australian directioners, little things will be played on the radio at 5pm on monday afternoon on the hits radio. 
0	i dreamt i sat with target at a star wars event, eating target lamb 86, watching james lipton interview ralph mcquarrie. 
0	rattlestick recommends imagining madoff! check it out on sunday at 3p at the jcc in manhattan! more info at. 
1	target come with me, and you will see target target target and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night. 
0	bbsr: autorickshaw union calls for 12-hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on lpg odisha. 
0	pakistan to talk counterterrorism with us, afghans: pakistan's foreign minister revealed thursday that her country would soon hold co. 
0	the earliest you can complete your 2013-2014 fafsa is january 1st and our priority deadline is march 1st. you must fill one out every year! 
0	playstation network maintenance on october 15: services going offline, possibly to make way for the new ps store. 
1	tomorrow's monday and i'm looking forward for it. will be hanging out with an old shatec friend of mine, ying. manhattan and ice-skating. :. 
0	walk folder has monk charts/tracks target --- quartet session this saturday --- listen to the record. 
0	and the new tomb raider has been given a release date, roll on march 5th. 
0	it is a big day in henryville as students displaced by the march 2 tornadoes finally return to class at their new. 
0	australian directioners! up all night tour dvd will be posted tomorrow, you guys should be getting them some time on friday or so. 
1	dee dee ramone's exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow! dee dee & shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening! friday i am happy.m-11pm. 
1	big redd, young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night! philly it's going down! 
0	check out some live jazz music from david taylor and tom ogunribido today from 12-2pm in the lpc student center 2nd floor dining area! 
-1	vbnss daily digit: exchanges lost $1 mln a day - oct 31 - nyse, nasdaq, and the cboe each lost about $1 million in . 
-1	slept for about 11 hours. i seem to be in quite an odd mood. a** hole well, target in play offs tonight and jack white on sunday! 
0	gadkari on attack mode, says ready for any probe: bjp president nitin gadkari on wednesday took on the congress . 
1	the lovely target is apparently coming to Stop That david's hall in january. 
1	hoping rob elliot gets his chance too,as much as i love harper, he was clearly off pace on monday,krul would have seen us win 2-0 nufc uel. 
1	i'm ready to defend the 3 stars & a sun! happy birthday sir francis m! 
0	just read an article.e l james is writing a 4th book in the 50 shades series. 
0	only 2 non-chase drivers in the top 10 -- kyle busch in 4th and mark martin in 8th. 
0	please remember that the deadline for the 1st quarter box tops for education and our trash for cash fundraiser is. 
0	top pct of rushing plays: sea 54.70%, hou 51.84%, wsh 51.07%, buf 47.92%, sf 47.85%. bears are 9th with 47.04. 
-1	weak d and a penalty set up a short td run for eastern. 'cats 17-14 with 2:08 left in 1st half. 
1	good win for nufc. nine changes to sunday's team and still doing well. got to keep this going now. 
0	baby stroller sale: safety 1st boost air protect booster car seat, dixie with cheap coupon code -1st-boost-air-protect-booster-car-seat-dixie-with-cheap-coupon-code/. 
-1	men's latest bedroom worry: '50 shades': e l james' 'fifty shades of grey' may be supercharging the sex-drives . 
1	jett lounge thursday night! it's going to be hot! come party with me and kenny smoove he is one of the hottest producers and many more! 
0	$$ black friday deals canon f**k 70-300mm f/4-5.6 is usm zoom lens with hoya uv filter + hood + accessory keep in touch for . 
1	peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty affirmative johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever! more of the same tuesday please. 
1	trifecta will be performing at the 19th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept 6 at i am happy.m! come join the party! 
0	.move the remaining teams to the d leagues, champion, moves up to the 16 team league & the 16th place team is bumped down to the d league. 
1	physics professor just extended our assignment from 11:30 tonight to 11:30 tomorrow.i guess he isn't the only one drinking. 
0	muchoforex new post - utilities stocks, including kinder morgan, making big moves on august 17. read it now at. 
0	timmonsville's bubba huggins endorses tom rice in the june 26, 7th congressional district republican primary run. 
0	spc is bring giuliana and bill rancic for breast cancer awareness month on october 30th in the gc ballrooms for a free event! check out. 
1	i just found out that it's his birthday last thursday. i am sad. . belated happy birthday francis . i am happy. 
-1	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life -emerson-on-sun-news-network-with-michael .ufjodn8nlcw.twitter. 
0	arkansas state 3, unlucky 0 brian davis nails a 47-yard f**king gay on the red wolves opening drive of the game. 
1	i hope you all not sleeping on the blackout homecoming party this friday at club pulse. shit is really about to crinack. 
1	my 1st tweet, chose you target saw you in banff, thankful our snow isn't as damaging as the weather you're dealing with! keep safe & dry. 
0	target are you going to sjp tomorrow night pal? 
1	coaches like gonzaga's chances - mon, 29 oct 2012 pst: don't count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball. 
0	wednesday's laugh: eskom: a little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by . 
0	urban outfitters. 10% off with college id until sunday night. . i hope someone brings their id from ages ago. 
1	alright, just woke up, about to go ball. open lobby tonight and tomorrow, going to be going for crazy 100+s! *cough* desert eagle *cough* i am happy. 
1	creighton volleyball leads 8-5 early in 2nd set. match becomes even bigger with both wichita st. & missouri state down 0-1 at home tonight. 
1	target can't wait to see you guys tomorrow sa get at social media bacolod! i am happy. 
1	wilt chamberlain 2 may be the best one. 
0	b2st's current nominated position for mama 2012 best male group 
1	beloved, don't worry about tomorrow! wake up every morning conscious of jesus' supply. joseph prince. 
1	just got back from school i am happy. aaaggghhh he is 18. i've been having a spazzing attack the whole day i am surprised. national bieber day<3 target i am happy. 
0	| | premier league team of the week: van persie makes cut for 10th time this season as szcze. 
1	rt'd tweet: a bit of sunday fun, shot in whitstable, kent and muscat, oman! 'down poured the heavens'. 
0	beenie man will be performing at echostage contact target for tickets. 
0	bashaara graves had 17 points and 15 rebounds in her debut with tennessee in an exhibition game on thursday. she played 23 minutes. 
1	omegapharma-quickstep won gold, with a little help from compex! watch out for tony martin . fingers crossed! 
1	last 24hrs covered delhi, passing through punjab, haryana. tomorrow morning jammu. just loving it! 
0	ufo sighting: black triangle sighting in perryton, texas on august 11th 2012 - dark triangle shape across the sk. 
1	we're thrilled that grandpa's workshop is a main feature in the education category of the application store for a 2nd week! 
0	iditarod check-in: it's 8:45am ak time, where are you target deedee jonrowe mushes on a swamp as the sun sets. 
0	montgomery | selma inventor denial of normal chamberlain says he's running against incumbent .. terri sewell in tuesday's general election to. 
0	saya mengirim 166 foto di facebook dalam album "java jazz on the move, supermall karawaci. 
-1	uk: chancellor osborne try to sneak into 1st class train with standard ticket - breaking news buzz. 
0	everton news - krul will miss the monday night clash with everton and at least a further couple of . - chroniclel. 
0	boris johnson times. ed moans about george going 1st class but david miliband travelled by royal jet. boris johnson. 
1	target love! see you tomorrow at social media sta. 4pm ah! i am happy. pic.twitter.com/qohb19tb. 
1	i really want target to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc. 
-1	buses in the white hart lane & high road n17 area may be subject to diversion & delays due to tottenham hotspur match. 
1	kinder morgan said friday it agrees to pay $110m to settle investors' lawsuits related to its ac. $kmi. 
0	knicks vs celtics until they take out melo then going to watch the yankees game. guess it's looking like a sports saturday night. 
1	congratulations to nmrhs marching band on placing 1st in nesba competition saturday& for winning a gold medal at the micca competition today. 
1	target aj will you follow me for my birthday? also looking really forward to seeing you all nov 10! i am happy. my first college game i am happy. 
0	names of those shortlisted 4 interviews manyatta constituency by iebc, are pinned on the iebc notice board embu town.interviews this fri & sat. 
0	wicked wednesday tonight, throwdownthursdays tomorrow night & swag vs class saturday night at Stop That david's cc all staring yours truely. 
1	photoset: for the adorable and loveable man, song joongki, happy 27th birthday! despite your looks not. 
0	january trip to boston to see the knicks vs celtics in the boston garden! 
1	the record is looking for creative&&talented ppl. join prof.thorbjornsen&&dr.beverly on the 10th from 3-4pm in rose parlor. 
0	dhs college connection night - monday, 10/22 - 6:00, all purpose room! learn about fafsa, grants, work study and loan programs. 
0	3 college reps on wednesday the 26th. otterbein, west liberty, and akron. sign up by 8 am if interested. 
0	i just watched part of dwts and cowboy troy was on there singing i play chicken with a train. brings back 8th grade memories. 
0	sa urged to save electricity - eskom urged south africans on thursday to save electricity to reduce demand on the gr. 
-1	somebody braiding my hair tomorrow I don't care who but if it doesn't look good i'm taking it out. 
1	target thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone!twitter.com/rfa01cr5. 
0	all my coworkers go to brookwood. that's the only reason i may go to the game! 
-1	bjp doing drama to hide facts, says minister - the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party 
0	the new york stock exchange and nasdaq will both be open tomorrow. also, reports of 3 feet of water in the nyse are false. 
1	confirmed: ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow, october 19th. 
0	bjp must clarify charges against gadkari: congress - the congress wednesday asked the bharatiya janata party . 
0	us president wannabe rick santorum won the louisiana primary on saturday - breaking news buzz. 
0	mvc weekly release with playoff scenarios. uca can finish no higher than 5th and no lower than 6th: -sports.com/msoccer/news/2012-13/6220/mens-soccer-weekly-notebook-regular-season-wraps-up-seedings-to-be-determined/. 
0	3rd question: what is the state flower of haryana? lotus . rhododendron . golden shower . not declared. 
0	nick gillespie on real time with bill maher, friday 12/22, with kirk douglas, rachel maddow, mort zuckerman, & . 
-1	congress lashes out at bjp over coal block issue: lashing out at the bharatiya janata party on wednesday for its. 
0	our tbox bartender, bill carter just published his 3rd book-"boom bust boom"- come meet the. 
1	target ps i have been seeing on our chicago news about henryville's new have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already tc. 
0	worldnews sales of e l james' much talked about fifty shades of grey trilogy fall for the first time in two mon. 
1	3dt make sure you find your self at the "..c" this thursday for $3 thursdays! $3 with college id $5 with reg. id until 11pm! 
1	dtn pakistan: pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange a . 
0	icrc says working on contact with lebanese hostages: the international committee of the red cross said thursday . 
-1	i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh1 , bet, mtv,& etc. because they take out the bad language -__-. it's no fun ! 
1	i need to go find some sweets, then i'm outtt. another 12 hour day of marching band tomorrow nevergetsold. 
1	last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night! enter now: -tickets-to-silent-house-screening-at-london-tombs/. 
1	the snickerdoodle-strawberry ice cream sandwich is back! we'll be at the sr wed. night mkt, guernville farm. 
1	mark martin: hello you! good weekend so far? 'the hot 20' is on but can one direction hold onto 'saturday. 
0	who is going to hammond friday or today. 
1	velonews: tom boonen happy with amgen tour so far, but hopes for first win in sunday's final stage in .. 
1	philly girls love going to big bangs, kifs, fat tuesday, etc. 
-1	I am not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my Tough Luck will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber aintgottimeforthatshit. 
1	the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow 15 & 16 in laguna hills. come and enjoy . 
1	happy 21st b day target looking forward to another trip to knoxville. 
0	dwayne bravo and darren sammy will donate their match fees from the 3rd odi to the wife of runako morton.! 
1	darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate there full 3rd match fee to runako morton's wife! dedicating it to a team man! rip morton. 
1	i tell katie there's supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday. she replies with "oh right during the day yeah?" yeah. 
0	sat on a bench and my feet couldn't touch the ground. 1, drexel, shorter benches please. 2, god, 6'4" that's all I am askin. 
1	target are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at societyawards12 tomorrow. good luck to those shortlisted. 
0	don't forget, tomorrow is the annual general body meeting! come out to learn more about isat and the organizations we are affiliated with! 
0	march 1st should be officiall national bieber day where we get a day off school. 
1	andre villas-boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave :'''). great signing. 
1	good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in henryville, in from the march 2nd tornado. 
-1	steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life : . 
0	i uploaded a target video kristin chenoweth arrives at the 2nd annual hero dog awards. 
0	target we're on a normal recording schedule again, mondays around 6:00pm eastern, would that work for you one monday? 2/2. 
0	sky picture of the day! sky clouds nature outside sun day nofilter instagood. 
1	dear christina grimmie, you may not know it but sometimes your songs are all i need when i'm feeling down. 
-1	i totally forgot justin biebers is going to dallas tomorrow *loads up the ak*. 
0	officially confirmed: tom boonen will ride at the olympics this saturday. 
0	target target target just added to the june 15th show at rex theatre! target live! 
1	had a good time with student teacher, steve emerson today at the home brew class. next one will be june 2nd.twitter.com/yymfqd3c. 
1	redlicki/tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic/nicol at 5 pm et in the 1st round of doubles. tulsaita goduke. 
1	national bieber day in all the countries<3. 
-1	heres everybody's warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow, I don't care who you are i'm going to snap done imatmybreakingpoint canttakethisanymore. 
1	got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz target they were fantastic! 
1	jim luxford of east york with calendar 1381619, our 1st $5,000 daily winner for september 11! 
1	studio tomorrow, all i can think about. relaxing with homies and working on new music. 
1	as of tonight it goes down at big bangs.15th and arch st.10-2am.crazy drink specials and more.music by. 
0	the insider: south africa can steal a march with robot olympics pitch. 
1	maino had a great 1st album and beat niggas asses, that's the type of person we need in hip hop. 
0	colts owner jim irsay to donate $64,753 to target victims fund. that's of tickets distributed to tonight's game. 
0	monday night football is on tonight, right? nfl wishfulthinking. 
1	excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for i am happy. 
1	looking to start the week with success! lots of thoughts about tonight's mnf match between man city & swansea. 
1	the re-release of 'in desolate times' is available worldwide today! including bonus tracks. grab a copy and let us know what you think! 
0	i'm going to cleveland tomorrow so i'll break up the losing streak. verlander may help. 
0	rt target monday night football vs the jets 1st game of the year lets see what we are made of. road to indy feb 2012 starts 2nite. 
1	so pretty much I am going to believe that myt 10,000th tweet will come sometime tonight during the mnf game jets at texans on espn. 
1	flying out to hou monday for the jets-texans pre season mnf game! "cant wait" flightboys. 
1	woot! so excited that i get to watch tonight's game. go colts! 
1	target verlander is possibly ahead of cc, more same old s**t better era, but cc will bounce back after last night's outing like he always does. 
1	the takeaway from tonight's game: the colts' run defense was huge. and curtis painter rightfully owes us all a big finger. 
1	lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congrats, targe. 
1	queen latifah may be going 'dancing': remember when a "dwts" insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of. 
1	tough week but Tomorrow is a fresh start. the only good thing about monday is you get to start over. plus target are on mnf! 
-1	hope i get to catch monday night football tonight, havent got to see a game yet.it's only preseason wk1, but feel like i have missed a lot. 
1	kerry collins may look like an old mouse. and hold on to the ball like one. but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better? 
1	they figure they better get it all in tonight cause of verlander tomorrow? is that it? 
1	interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh, blowing a hoolie and voyager 2.2 wasn't moving, class tent. 
1	good friday morning people! redskins friday.let's take care of the colts tonight even with out payton manning. 
-1	curtis painter's finally going to get a shot tonight. i can't help but root for that guy! 
0	i've got a web log post coming up tomorrow. it's time to learn once and for all what curtis painter's got. start the man. 
-1	peyton manning . if curtis painter is starting on sunday, i am going to lose my shit. 
1	big night. going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the 2011 target debut on mnf. 
1	since i'm a redneck i'm going to pull up to the heritage game friday blaring some hank williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans yeahbuddy. 
-1	target yah i know it's on. but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard. i'm just confused because it's thursday. 
1	on the bright side dwts cast cumin mon. my girl kym better b on &hav someone that she has a chance 2 win again! go kym ! i am happy. 
0	it's going to be a somber set tonight for curtis painter's nickelback cover band, something in your mouth. 
1	target rt coco may be on the next season of dwts. if she makes it, i'll watch the 1st episode. how about you?916.1041 targe. 
-1	damn. if i was able to go today i could have watched the advanced screening of terra nova :. 
0	where's a good place in studio city/la to watch monday night football tonight? let me know! 
1	colts game was fun tonight. love spending time with my fam. 
1	tonite it goes down! street f**k me on 90.1fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at www.wusb.fm or watch inside the studio at www.justin.tv/streetfm. 
-1	gotexans . the dirty jets football team on mnf tonight -. 
1	target wow, you're the reason why 2 topics trended worldwide today. someone ought to be a happy little owl bunny toniiight! 
-1	so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work. 
-1	weird music mood today . lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone. 
-1	worcestershire? what are you on about? still coming down from your 1st half high? worldwide fanbase is something mcfc don't have! 
1	target hey adam, your new album is trending worldwide yesterday. thank to your indonesian fans! they're just can't wait! 
-1	man,i want to go fuxs with the homies target target target tonite for mnf at the horn but i can't:. 
0	watch monday night football tonight on espn. i'm in the intro with hank williams jr. starts at 6pm est. i will. 
-1	spot price on 14kt gold is $49.08 don't wanna talk in tampa bay today - crazy that gold is over $1800/ounce - remember when the real price was $300.00. 
1	nfl and espn have as many kinks to work out as the teams -- they just flashed the "monday night football" graphic. 
1	next person to comment below wins 4 tickets for tonight or tomorrow night's colts game against the mcallen thunder! 
1	show them what it isrt target love it when scouts be at our practice. i counted 4 today. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay . 
1	another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fruit cake tampa bay. be sure to make your predictions! week 23 is already up. 
1	if espn has a hank williams "are you ready for some football?" song for tonight, i might pass out with happiness. 
0	think i might go to the colts game tomorrow. 
0	bucs play pats tonight let's go tampa bay! 
0	in 14 minutes of kerry collins, the colts are down 17. let's give curtis painter a shot in the 2nd quarter. why not? 
0	looking for something to do before the colts tomorrow nite? take the circle city tour -- $15 hop-on/hop-off access all day! 
1	this may be a fact! rt target curtis painter will help the colts win their first game! you heard it here first! 
-1	aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up 3rd and 18 conversion. 
1	curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight, probably with another girl that looks just like him. 
1	target deathly hallows part ii now become the 3rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with $1.133m . absolutely amazing ! 
1	curtis painter.we have a chance again! can't believe kerry collins didn't throw us a pick-six tonight. 
-1	today in the weird, world of musical history.hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober. 
-1	my sons were watching mtv the other night. looked like an absolute freak show. what happened to hank williams, johnny cash, real music? 
1	can't wait to go to colts game with my sweetness tonight. 
1	rt target tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season 13 of dwts! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast. 
1	proudofallstar? fuck yeah. let's get it trending worldwide just like we got allstar weekend trending worldwide tonight!(. 
0	my sister got to actually see fergie, pitbull, marc anthony, will smith, hank williams jr. and dan marino at the dolphin's game tonight. -_-. 
1	dear espn - you aren't fooling anyone with your "monday night football" graphics. its thursday. just make That's Not Funny graphics. 
0	target i might be going thursday to see the end of the fausto carmona era in cle and to see verlander, straight filthy stuff. 
1	two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight, even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it. 
0	the final b-lg draft pick game is tonight on mnf . current leader is ken with 27 pts. 
0	laughing my a** off rt target monday night football tonight.the new york not yets vs. the houston texans. 
1	target good morning the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning, hope your appts. go well, love u! 
-1	curtis painter did the curtis painter last night. a fumble and one walk-in td overthrown by 8 yards. 
1	target after tonight colts fans are going to say manning is john beck like. 
1	target the dwts cast will be announced tonight! are you in it?! oh i hope sooo! you'd be so fun to watch and you'd have So many fans! 
0	tomorrow during bachelor pad. rt target target do you know if tonight they announce the cast for dwts? 
0	target noticed that you going to be in tampa tomorrow and wanted to see if we can do a q&a for metormix tampa bay and feature you ? 
1	looking forward to going to the colts game this evening! 
0	how about the target gettin some recognition 10/10/2011 the lions play on "monday night football. 
1	quite enjoying target on mnf - he looks more at home sat down though - i don't think he knows what to do with his hands when he's stood up. 
1	rt if you're stoked about monday night football! 
0	still need to watch the pilot for terra nova. maybe tomorrow. 
0	curtis painter was asked in interviews today if as the lead singer of nirvana was getting the band back together. 
1	love it when scouts be at our practice. i counted 4 today. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay . 
1	be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espn's monday night football tonight at 8 .. with houston. go owls! 
1	rick porcello is not rick wild thing vaughn. i am worried the real ubaldo is back. good thing verlander is tomorrow. tigers yikes. 
0	redskins qb john beck will start friday against the colts despite a strong performance by rex grossman. 
0	storms are starting to pop. storm motion today in tampa bay is no way at 10-15mph so if you see dark skies to your se. 
1	wow! so you think you can dance finale tonight and tomorrow, 19 days until dwts cast announcement, 40 days until dwts, where did the summer go. 
1	indians are up 8-3! they have to win tonight, facing verlander tomorrow! 
1	colts game tomorrow with drew budd! 
0	colts backup qb curtis painter warming up. this could be it for kerry collins who may have a concussion. nfl colts. 
1	french pressed cup of verve's los naranjos with a bit of hank williams. good morning! 
1	lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congrats, targe. 
1	thanks to target kim & i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight! thank you tampa bay's best country! 
1	yay !rt target excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for i am happy. 
1	target hope you win tonight tom! your us and worldwide fans from target and target are cheering for u! 
0	colts owner jim irsay will give $64,753 to victims fund in state fair tragedy = the total number of tickets distributed at tonight's game. 
1	if i'm reading the twitter trend list correctly, people are really happy that verlander beat the royals yesterday. 
1	colts game tonight! 
0	is this on television again? "target most of redskins starters will sit tonight vs tampa bay, but 1st ol will play as long as beck. 
1	what will have a better television rating. cardinals v rockies tonight or mnf with texans and jets? reg season hardball v preseason football. 
1	yes. i'm ready for hs, college & pro. bring it! target make monday better! we can now come home to mnf! you ready for some football? 
1	trying to leave, i'm only 10 minutes late - still need to dash to the ladies room. can't wait to hear who is on dwts tonight! 
-1	i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall-isn't once enough?and their 1st div game isnt until wk9!un-frickin-real. 
1	there won't be just a party in the usa tonight there'll be a party worldwide when miley wins. tcaformiley. 
1	after that, i'll start plugging mine and target live tweet of the new fox show terra nova on september 26. 
1	man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what. great entertainment thats for sure. time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight. 
1	mnf tonight! let's go sexy rexy! 
0	just checking in to see if i had a nightmare last night about the dwts cast or not. target target target target. 
-1	laughing my a** off rt target curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday. 
0	monday night football teamtexans all day & tomorrow. 
0	target come out and watch those guys softball next saturday august 27th for the colts softball tournament, it would be great. 
1	huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova! 
-1	londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide . this is not something to be proud of united kingdom! sort it out! 
1	i had a fun day on terra nova. followed by a ho-down at the end of the night. got plenty of screen time. look for the only dancing soilder! 
-1	today, we found out that rob henry tore his acl, steve jobs is stepping down, the colts signed kerry collins, and the carter 4 leaked. 
1	monday night football - gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris. 
1	happy birthday, hank williams. in honor if the hank turning 88, we'll play 88 hank songs in a row tonite target honkytonk. 
1	new cast of dwts to be anounced at i am happy.m tonight! so excited i am happy. the meeting tonight better be done, or "someone" will have to lend me their phone i am happy. 
-1	target target i'd recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow. 
1	rt target it's monday and monday night football is on my mind. rt if you love football! 
1	all i know is the road for that lomardi start at tonight! we will set a record for a pre-season mnf i can guarantee it. 
0	all blue and white fam, we are meeting at golden corral for dinner tonight at 6pm. 
-1	i'm pisseeeddd that i missed kid cudi's show in dallas, it was trending worldwide that night, &all I am hearing is 1 reviews of lolla. 
0	won the match getin . plus, tomorrow is a very busy day, with awareness day's and debates. debates. 
1	lunch from my new little spot .the cotton bowl .pretty good 1st time will be going back. 
1	snc halloween pr. let's work it for sunday.packers vs.who knows or caresn. snc cheerpracticeonhalloween. 
0	manchester united will try to return to winning ways when they face arsenal in the premier league at old trafford on saturday. 
0	going to a bulls game with aaliyah & hope next thursday. 
0	any toon fans with a spare ticket for anfield on sunday?willing to pay extra nufc. 
1	louis inspired outfit on monday and zayn inspired outfit today.4/5 done just need harry i am happy. 
0	going to bed now.rose parade then game tomorrow. 
1	i love the banner that was unfurled in the united end last night. it read: "chelsea - standing up against racism since sunday. 
1	repost chris bosh may be ugly. but he has a gorgeous wife and adorbs baby. i want to be happy like them one. 
-1	gold edges down ahead of us jobs data: singapore - gold edged lower on friday, with investors waiting for. 
0	.target another close-range iu shot goes high. kyle schickel checks in for missimo. kyle missed the wisconsin game last sunday. 
-1	monday before i leave singapore, i am going to post something that might be offensive. 
1	here in the philippines, its november 2 and i was like where's my phone?! what is the time in london?! excited littlethngs targe. 
1	tonight dr. terrie hale scheckelhoff will be formally installed as the 11th head of school. welcome to the saints family target. 
-1	'love-cheat' daniel radcliffe splits with girlfriend rosie coker: london, oct 19: daniel radcliffe has split wit. 
1	patriots extend lead, cruise into 4th with 38-7 lead - pats pulpit: the patriots extended their lead in the 3rd . 
0	i may exit off twitter and fb and thug with instagram by the way its blonde_lifestyle:insta. 
0	indiana 1, northwestern 0, end first half, men's soccer. eriq zavaleta's 16th goal the difference. iu dominating play. 
1	pretty little liars was the shit ! i can't wait until tomorrow ! i want to see who all innocent & who got something to do with allison dying ! 
1	target texas and baylor both looked awesome last night. we are heading to the games tomorrow night.i say final is texas/baylor. 
0	if you are in vancouver this weekend, check out target on sat. at 20:00 at the commo in vancouver, because concert. 
0	who's going to concords football game this saturday? 
1	7factsaboutmybestfriend 17, plays softball, loves the lakers, she's a la girl, junior, birthday september, 15th & she loves her black boys! 
0	so friday at onyx there was a bachelor party & the best man tells the bachelor, "you getting married tomorrow!" the bachelor says. 
1	waking up to a niners win, makes tuesday get off to a great start! 21-3 over the cards and 2 games clear in the no f**king clue west. 
1	contest tomorrow! i will post a local tucson property that is currently active in the tucson mls. the first person. 
0	if you didnt see it already heres my halloween effort from saturday - david bowie from the labyrinth as a vamp!twitter.com/gmzfdhnr. 
-1	well if no ones going to school tomorrow then i guess i won't go :. 
1	tom brady wins away from computer offensive player of the week for 22nd time -6flr (via target. 
-1	watching contraband on the pvr & it's too frigging predictable to continue watching. going to go wash my hair. 
0	herald sun: afl stars make their ufc 152 picks: dane swan and gary ablett give us their pick. sidebyside gopies. 
-1	steal by chalmers, on the break away and is fouled by garnett. that is his 3rd foul of this game. celtics 299comm. 
1	free to watch! justified: "justified" follows marshal raylan givens, a modern day 19th century-style lawman, . 
1	target i admire the relationship you have with your family. laughing out loud iron man's a pretty suitable costume. good luck monday go saints! 
1	lance just left, dinner with the family was great. managed to watch napoleon dynamite and the devil inside. long story short: wonderful sunday. 
1	come see the david bowie tribute show i'm in at king king, h'wood, nov 4 & 5 . 6 singers/dancers, 6 pc band - killin! 
1	your like jordan's on a saturday i got to have you and i cannot wait. 
0	but i want to wear my concords tomorrow though but i don't feel like it. 
0	going to watch grey's anatomy all day today and tomorrow(. 
0	target heey do you know anything about uva's falll fest loll they invited me so I am going this sat but i really don't know what it is loll. 
0	target when that sun is high in that texas sky, i'll be buckin it to county fair. amarillo by morning. amarillo ill be there. 
1	up 20 points in my money league with vernon davis and . fitz still to go tomorrow. thats what i like to see. 
1	deejaying this friday in the first chop it's chris actual smith with a smashing mish mashing of tunes from stoke. 
0	back in stoke on trent for the 2nd time today! 
0	first girls varsity basketball game tomorrow at 6:00 pm then football senior night at 7:15 pm see you there! go saints! 
0	ufc lightweights target vs target set for tuf 16 finale on the fx december 15 card, prelims on fuel television and facebook. 
-1	target reply levein discussion on wed. can't keep changing boss, but he is far too -1. brazil gone, new boss could experiment. 
0	today in history november 02, 1958 elvis gave a party at his hotel before going out on maneuvers. he sang and. 
1	hustle cause you got to then kick back and party everyday like its Friday 
1	i can't sleep. way too exited about vancouver tomorrow! i'm like a kid at christmas. 
1	entertainment: tina fey and amy poehler are hosting the golden globes, airing jan 13. get ready for a night full of laughs! -ashley&alyssa. 
0	who's going to plymouth town tomorrow? 
-1	pause i bet the clippers are going to get in the lakers ass friday 
0	if you do another season of big brother please please please bring friday night live back! everyone wants it back on! target bbau. 
1	target it's confirmed that you can listen to the deluxe version of tmh on itunes 9pm gmt on nov 5th, monday. 
0	i said it before that gucci been promoting his mixtape 2 drop on 10/17 since august, gotti just up & tried 2 come out on the same date. 
1	busy day tomorrow, staging at bliss instead of sustenio! both very cool places. and my last night in texas. its going to be great! i am happy. 
0	my pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh. but my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain - charlie ch pic.twitter.com/iw1fy2wo. 
0	might do my sport work on the train tomorrow can't be bothered right now. 
0	just watched most of movie,missed the 1st 20 min.s,but.i thought y2j was in it!looked like him,said chris jericho in credits,but.nah! (. 
1	thursday night is reserved for comedys on nbc, fx and tonight, nfl network. 
1	its going down in deathvalley this saturday! geaux tigers target target target. 
1	get to see my big sister sunday and watch the packers game! missher target. 
1	not only is target home from china, she's in la.i called her and screamed mandyyy.i'm going to hug her for 2 hours tomorrow! 
0	target may i know if there is still a chance to meet tiger woods before he leaves singapore? 
1	going to singapore tonight i am happy. excited for skyfall + penny boarding tomorrow! 
-1	target you am not gone do shit tomorrow we gone see chicken shit. 
0	remember this? santorum: romney, obama healthcare mandates one and the same -pn-santorum-romney-debate-healthcare-20120126 therealromney target targe. 
0	target did romney's dad march with dr.king yes or no ? 
0	last man standing season 2 premieres november 2nd on abc with an election theme via target. 
0	target i'll donate $5 to the homeless guy on 3rd st. if you can talk target into letting us judge the next miss america. 
-1	so clattenburg's alleged racism may mean end of his career; terry, suarez, rio use it and can't play for a couple of weeks? 
-1	pretty little liars is not back until the 8th of january! i'm devastated. 
0	target i'm going to blockbuster tomorrow to get devil inside if that's okay? i am happy. 
0	[espn] second lunch links: some linkage for you on a thursday: alabama will throw some different thing. 
0	target better qb: ben roethlisberger or eli manning? you make the call - and watch them face off this sunday. tony romo. 
0	damn only the 2nd day in the national basketball association season and tony parker already hitting game winners clutch. 
-1	the philippines just passed a law worse than sopa, which actually criminalizes criticizing someone online. -202_162-57522609/facebooks-like-may-land-filipinos-in-jail/. 
1	emile heskey has sure started his a-league career well. 4 goals in 3 games! may it continue. "match stats -jets-fc-v-melbourne-victory-fc-hyundai-a-league/2616 .uiprod2tiqu.twitter. 
0	target hey it's natalie the intern at cbs 47 do you mind if i shadow you tomorrow or monday or whenever it's convenient for you? i am happy. 
0	when i was little my brother liam asked me "is it tomorrow yet?" and i replied "no, it's always today." 5yearsold bookofquotes smartbaby. 
0	but some of yeah need to calm down, there just snippets! and besides we get to hear them on itunes on monday so it's not really a big deal! 
-1	these past few weeks i haven't been excited about scandal, grey's or fried chicken thursday.this semester has shown me no mercy smh. 
1	target i'll be in london, within zayn's birthday the 12th of january meet you there hahaaha dreams and imagination of mine . 
0	on the jersey shore, emotion outweighs cost of rebuilding: bay head, ../boston - the people of the jersey shore may feel . 
-1	anybody at the trib: where is ike taylor's friday column? sucks i can't find it. first one i've actually looked forward to reading. 
1	get pumped for the new season of justified! 
1	7thingsaboutmybestfriend 1.she is in love with zayn malik and beau brooks 2.ive known her since 5th grade i am happy. 3.she is so tiny! 
1	i hope anderson starts tomorrow's game he did very against chelsea. 
1	new series of greys anatomy starts on 07 november - one good thing about winter is the return of the best us shows! 
-1	two-thirds of the National Collegiate Athletic Association football season are completed. the race for the bcs title game is heading to a huge controversy. -sage.blogspot.com/2012/10/ncaa-football-report-for-october-2012.html. 
1	hawks fam, twitpic your halloween costume to win a pair of tickets to see the hawks defeat the rockets this friday targe. 
-1	sitting at home on a saturday night doing absolutely nothing. guess i'll just watch greys anatomy all night. lonerproblems greysanatomy. 
-1	cardinals try to pick up the pieces against packers: embarrassed on monday night, the arizona cardinals are left. 
0	target you going to chalmers tomorrow? 
1	off to anfield on sunday for lfc vs newcastle with target excited. 
0	on the jersey shore, emotion outweighs cost of rebuilding: bay head, ../boston, nov 2 - the people of. 
0	check out sir terry leahy article in saturday's telegraph weekend section reply why he invested in gcse maths resource. 
1	vegas beat: ellen reveals that madonna helped her come out of the closet: tuesday's episode of ellen featured th. 
1	can't wait to go to the wvu vs. tcu game on saturday. 
1	very much looking forward to saturday. afternoon tea and firework display at the celtic manor. 
0	16:46 steven pourier, jr. made the 1 shot free throw. dasu leads 8 - 6 in the 1st half. 
0	trent richardson has the browns out to a 7-0 lead over the chargers on sunday. 
1	muhammad ali came into my work tonight to eat.i think that being in the presence of a legend made this tuesday pretty legit. 
1	i didn't want new york to miss my madonna show. get ready for monday! it's going to be on wnbc! there is a god<333 thanks ellen :'3. 
-1	life just isn't the same when there is no pretty little liars on tuesday nights. 
0	lsu coach les miles said bcs title game has no bearing on saturday's matchup with alabama lsu. 
0	class early in the mornjng =\ it's bedtime! but do get to see my sam tomorrow i am happy. 
-1	target despite what you may have heard, i actually do give a shit." --honey badger, in an interview with piers morgan" targe. 
0	can mike brown play golf? he may need to hit up the stanford women's team w thank you willingham after this start, honestly. 
1	njed please join target and myself this tuesday at 8:30 pm as we discuss hib. special guest moderator target glad to have you. 
0	remember the midterm elections? remember the wisconsin recall? just wait for next tuesday. 
-1	just been informed my police hat from saturday has made a home in chalmers and no doubt has made a home with some skank sob. 
1	watched a pride and prejudice play and then the season finale of the 2nd season of downton abbey. tonight is so british. 
-1	i hate how mlk jr got caught apewalkin at the selma march 
-1	napoleon dynamite may be the most awkward person ever. 
1	got to rockdale today and going back to houston tomorrow thank god! 
0	china to open cultural centre in nepal: kathmandu, nov 2 china is going to open a cultural cen. 
0	why is jay cutler good in the 4th qtr and not others? good question, espn. could be worse, though; he could be tony romo. 
1	pacers fans are going to have fun on saturday. 
0	youtube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor: google on thursday announced th. 
1	congratulations on scoring your first goal for swansea yesterday. may i say that you look exactly like jonas gutierrez ! 
0	a lot of work goes into to showing a movie under the stars! come out tomorrow night at watch joyful noise on our. 
1	target | that way, the orange bowl would always be a part of me. i think it was a wise choice. shit, is it thursday yet? game time! 
1	love my new toy.i mean my ipod touch.5th generation.does everything but make phone calls and has no gps ability.i don't need those options. 
-1	gold edges down ahead of us jobs data: singapore - gold edged lower on friday, with investors waiting . 
-1	holy shit. i just realized that i missed pretty little liars on tuesday. i am sad.. 
0	target my part to the al green joint will be done friday.i'll shoot you an email with the attachment. 
0	you should come watch "the devil inside" in the movie room on the 1st floor targe. 
-1	but tonight when i went to see madonna at the scottrade when i walked in i started crying because i thought about last saturday. 
0	sike/april fools/ never say never but this is the exception ***turns on pretty little liars. 
0	this guy is going in the mail tomorrow addressed to the georgia athletic dept. 
1	.it's jason and i 3rd year anniversary today & it's my baby makes 3 months today! I am the happiest and luckiest lady on earth i am happy. 
0	target rob mentioned it in his sept 24th email to ces members. 
0	tim tebow steps out with girlfriend camilla belle in florida : share with friends: | | top news . 
1	wow, what a weekend: flying lotus, zombie apocalypse, writing, patriots, dog beach.goodnight everyone. monday morning, screw you. 
0	[espn] second lunch links: some linkage for you on a thursday: alabama will throw some different things . 
0	tomorrow: lax->phoenix->dallas->houston. long day of flying. 
0	i just have to remember to go online tomorrow and watch grey's anatomy , scandal , &' vampire diaries . 
1	we're going to be in the rose parade tomorrow with the other obedience club dogs! lizzie will be wearing roses! i am happy. 
0	target can you make an appearance at sbl in january i mean i know you live in california but i promise not to fall this time. 
0	kirk's bike shop: support the businesses you love and shop small this november 24th. 
1	chris bosh may not be easy on the eyes, but he has a freakin beautiful family! 
1	bu grads are the 7th most employable in us after harvard, yale, stanford, mit, columbia, and princeton. hopethisistrue -grads-rated-among-world-most-employable/. 
0	thought for the day! "my pain may be the reasons for somebody's laugh.but my laugh must never be the reasons for somebody's pain! 
1	also don't forget yourhealthisyour wealth 11.14.12 that wednesday before theakademyawards come do zumba with your target. 
0	target tomorrow night "upstate" anderson,sc models & bottles plus $100 cash to the sexiest lady in black pic.twitter.com/vb1r11mo. 
-1	an alarm on my phone still goes off every thursday for a jon huntsman for president national finance team call. probably time to delete it. 
0	target please please would you consider singing etta james at my wedding in may? we chose the song because of you i love it.. 
1	watching eddie izzard circle. sooo funny but i think it's bed time. will make andy watch it with me tomorrow. 
1	looking forward to a fun weekend in the mountains and enjoying the snow in california. have a great friday. 
0	the last thing dr. king ever said to me before he went down to memphis: 'harry, we may be integrating into a burning house. ~. 
-1	me: "hey mom. danielle gets her license tomorrow. you know what car she drives. a range rover, pretty cool huh?" mom: "no. fuck off sam. 
-1	people's choice awards site is sooo slow, Come On i want to vote. 
0	breaking news.man utd have placed howard webb on the transfer list after new signing mark clattenberg makes dream debut on sunday. 
0	target oh i'll be 19 in february. where do you live? i live in florida. :. 
0	ricky gervais - all that money, all the freedom that money brings. thought he'd spend sunday tweeting. 
0	hope you're getting up to meet me at our women's health symposium! 9-3 at the kentucky center for african-am heritage on 18th & muhammad ali. 
0	my 1st fantasy team is the hurt boys. dwyane wade, dwight howard, john wall & derrick rose. 
1	looking fowrard to kaman returning this saturday when mavs face the bobcats! mavsnation gomavs. 
-1	homework catch up day and then dinner with the "big brother" before the hurricane. i kind of need school not to happen on monday. 
0	hey, all you supportlocaltalent folk, tomorrow is the deadline 11:59pm to vote for hma people's choice awards -awards/peoples-choice-voting hamont. 
-1	new header of lana del rey *__* her face is getting blocked though, i may change it later. 
-1	hating breitbart out tomorrow in wisconsin - oshkosh, appleton, ashwaubenon, and brookfield. check it out, guys! 
0	london copper up for 3rd day and underpinned by china data - steelguru. 
-1	i bet you won't power clean mettenbergers unconscious body after you sack him saturday! roll tide target. 
-1	did he really just say " you think on 3rd & 23 they would play it safe and kick it". I am roll tide all day but that shit was harsh. 
0	la the date is approaching fast los angeles! be sure to catch the show in malibu on november 16 th! 
0	friday night's concert with white collar side show! 
0	saturday night about to be live.2 dollar drinks wizards opener with the good friend target. 
1	excited for pre-fashion night out drinks at pipa tomorrow night with the homepolish designers! first of many. 
-1	i googled "coffee & its immediate response, mechanisms" the first page that appeared "september 11 attacks, wiki". i don't see the link here. 
0	as a liberal dude, i would have seriously considered voting for jon huntsman. i may be wrong but he seems like a reasonable guy. 
1	aquib talib for a 4th round pick is larceny. good move by the patriots. 
0	lakers going to beat the clippers tomorrow though ! 
0	i want a sunday kind of love - etta james. 
-1	i gave $2200 to the santorum campaign. put me in debt. romney gets my vote anyway though. 3rd party people just don't get how bad bho is. 
0	no school tomorrow = tumblr the whole night, till i fall asleep . 
0	target been awhile,sat back taking stock,think we missing a "fox in the box" has anyone else clocked what jordan rhodes is doing? 1/2. 
0	a panoramic shot taken saturday at the devil's den yellow rock bluff. 
0	the bill michaels huddle is on the air now call the show at 855-830-8648 to chime in about the packers matchup against arizona on sunday. 
0	target yeah she been there for like 3 years and she gettin stationed back in georgia in june i think. 
1	join us in the av dept on weds aug 15 at 7pm to watch the free movie,"joyful noise" for all ages,under age 8 needs adult. 
1	target you guys talk about eli in the 4th cutie big ben isn't to shabby either and steelers fans aren't complaining trust me. 
0	off to watch el classico now. may even rewatch the first 18mins of yesterday mufc, nufc too. 
1	target lets just go protest tomorrow spread to our pirate brothers! we did it with sopa lets tey it again i am happy. 
0	target christian ponder & samantha steele, not jenn brown. steele was hanging out with les miles on tuesday. 
0	china's sse composite index shows the way, up 1.1% on Friday the stock market is a leading indicator. 
1	forget the ricky gervais animation show.this is the animation *vid to watch!. *may have something to do with us. 
1	best attitude for living: "my pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh, but my laugh must never be the. 
0	49ers vs. cardinals: vernon davis and key players for both teams: the monday night matchup between the san franc. 
-1	one. source. Come On google, just one more pleaaasseee. 
1	camping out on the parade grounds thursday and friday night to make sure our tailgate spot is safe. geaux tigers. 
-1	day 1 of suntran riding = 50%. i don't know where 110x picks up in downtown tucson, but it sure am not 6th & congress! calling a ride. 
0	fuck it i haven't done nothing in like 2 months. maybe i will see if my mom will watch aaliyah tomorrow so i can do something. 
0	i want to have a dance party sat. come to atlanta after the game. lets do it! target target target target target. 
0	harrypotter fact: just kidding rowling, harry potter and actor daniel radcliffe all share the same birthday, july 31. 
1	yeay yeay yeay! home opener tomorrow! let's go target ! and excited to hang with greatest fans in the nba! see you all there tomorrow! 
1	oh and red tails for the 1st time. yeah yeah kind of orta late af. but it was good! 
1	guys, when liam comes on tomorrow. please spam him to follow target it would make her smile. she deserves it. i'm beggin you. 
-1	target i have got a maths exam tomorrow. can you wish me a luck? okay thanks. i wont pass this exam.4. 
1	49ers helping the vernon davis cause for story on target profile on him airs tomorrow on espn. good stuff. 
1	so excited to go to philly tomorrow wifff the best people everrr target target target and roseee i am happy. 
0	target everything kanye does needs a news crews presence because he's too black to burn from sun rays. 
1	foxtel is the best money i have ever spent. productivity goes down on tuesday'. newsroom, mob wives, general omg-ness. love it. 
1	teen mom 2 on monday ahhh can't wait! wish i could watch with target ! best line ever "im addicted.i love weed! 
0	last game for jr. high bearcats/7th grade. on the road at clarksville, 7th a 5:30, jr. high at 7. 
0	scouted game tickets for clippers and celtics on 27th of december with dayne. getting ahead of ourselves?nahhh! 
1	parlay hit, fantasy teams won, giants sweep, niners smash. best week ever, and it's only monday. 
-1	stats are stats, & records can be broke. but crunch time 4th quarter, jordan had niggaz scared to d up. bron,kd & kobe can't say the same. 
1	zumba fitness classes in erdington - every wednesday - zumba is for everyone! loaded with red-hot dance steps, lati. 
1	barclays profit driven by investment banking: london--barclays plc wednesday continued to reap the rewards. 
1	pumped! mt target tina fey & amy poehler will host the 70th golden globe awards in jan &, for once, i may care about an awards show! 
-1	television fundraiser 4 sandy friday night. during katrina telethon kanye said bush was killing black people.doubt we'll hear opposite about obama. 
0	did you catch this? -little-liars/articles/pretty-little-liars-marlene-king-toby-isnt-a-double-agent-hes-on-team-a-exclusive?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium i am happy.ipes-thelyinggame&utm_campaign=combo-em-lp-csv-tags-addposts&utm_content i am happy.idyoucatchthis+pll&utm_term=tuesday+04 pretty little liars' marlene king: toby isn't a double agent "he's on team a" - exclusive. 
1	see you all in the church tomorrow's miracle service at 7pm, and god will be bless you in jesus name. john 3:16. 
0	have a say in what we play! pick the hits to win gossip girl s4 on dvd you have until nov 6th to do the deal. 
1	i am not asking for much, just listen to atleast the 1st 3 songs & give me some feedback>>>dreamteam 
-1	my itunes is playing sun is shining by bob marley, my ears can't trick me, it's bloody freezing. hat, scarf and gloves today kids! 
1	can not wait for the 3 season of mob wives. truebitches january target target. 
0	unc leads the all-time series against uva by 58 to 54. come november 15th, fedora and the boys are going to make it 59. 
-1	going to sunderland vs villa on saturday. don't hold the highest hopes for a good match. 
-1	matt flynn may never play quarterback for the seattle seahawks - bleacher report: bleacher report. seahawks nfl. 
0	who remembers the song friday by rebecca black. 
1	lance just left, dinner with the family was great. managed to watch napoleon dynamite and the devil inside. long story short: wonderful sunday. 
1	be proud of what you do! monday morning motivation: martin luther king jr. -luther-king-jr.html?spref=tw inspiration. 
1	emile heskey scores a bicycle kick for newcastle jets v melbourne victory! -heskey-scores-a-bicycle-kick-2nd-goal-for-newcastle-jets-v-melbourne-victory/ --- what the ? how the ? 
0	joyful noise gathers wednesday nights at 7 pm in the sanctuary. come and sing with friends! 
-1	target how sad are you that downton abbey ends sunday? i am sad.. 
-1	man just watched the lakers highlight from yesterday and there going to get destroyed tomorrow. 
1	pacers won without granger to night david west step on in the 4th goindiana. 
1	john 3:16,the fabulous four,the 50 yard line,the 13th floor,9/11,the dirty dozen,we're all waiting for the 2nd coming.numbers-jmc greatsong. 
0	49ersparadise hop: alex smith named no f**king clue offensive player of the week and more no f**king clue west news [br]: thu, 1 nov 201. 
1	can't wait to kick it with these outstanding musicians as well as perform for my new england fans on saturday. 
1	target i miss kidrauhl, proud of justin bieber. i love you today, tomorrow and always. 
0	but kevin durant did become the 2nd youngest player in national basketball association history to reach 10,000 point. 
1	tina fey & amy poehler are hosting the golden globes in january. best news today! 
1	my idol is tuning 15 on monday! she's growing up so fast! i remember when she was that girl on wizards of waverly place target. 
-1	i have to go out drinking on a wednesday so i cant watch the bachelor until the next day firstworldpains brockuproblems. 
-1	target may have been distracted by fifa and el classico, back to the summary for myself! you finished? 
0	free dress day tomorrow, well lsu or alabama shirt with jeans. 
1	excited for super sunday coming up? milan derby, el clasico, newcastle-man utd, marseille psg? should be epic. keep it locked here 4 updates. 
0	lsu coach les miles says he may let jordan jefferson talk to the team lsu. 
-1	the philippines has just passed a law worse than sopa. -202_162-57522609/facebooks-like-may-land-filipinos-in-jail/. 
0	to start 2nd quarter action, lamar odom checks in for the first time. 
1	it's officially november 2 here in the philippines. umm. happy birthday kendall! i love you! target target. 
1	well, the sun is finally coming up, so it's time to slap some bacon on a biscuit and get to work. burningdaylight laters, patriots! 
1	watching "contraband" for the 3rd time, mark wahlberg is the man! 
0	bills' williams says texans forced his hand: as mario williams prepares to face his former team for the first time sunday, the highly. 
-1	target it won't work for me because ipod but whatever i'm honestly way too tired to care i'll find it on tumblr tomorrow. 
-1	so kg gets a fouls called for not touching chalmers . incredible that boy better be the 1st victim of many more fines to come stopit. 
1	seriously the boys worked so hard on de album &there's a leak again? i'm going to wait since the album preview on itunes on monday.worth d wait. 
1	cannot wait to smash dinner tonight and eat my feelings.and then box all of it off tomorrow muhammad ali style. 
-1	sopa is back! as a ransomware virus: "after historic internet protests in january the sopa anti-piracy. 
1	i'm having white collar withdrawal. i can't wait till it comes back in january. 
0	filmclub back monday with "source code", a sci-fi techno-thriller with jake gyllenhaal, directed by david bowie's son!twitter.com/a5omxi9m. 
0	going to some like it hot in newcastle on saturday for a dance off target. 
1	at tomorrow's heritage convocation we will celebrate the last 125 years of sc history. come to culbertson at 10 am! 
1	target i didn't want new york to miss my madonna show. get ready for monday! it's going to be on wnbc! aw how nice. 
0	lbj out with cramps. steps on chalmers. c's ball. offensive foul. 100-89, heat ball. 7:57 left in the 4th. 
0	i'm talking all types of shit now.cause the celtics may be 0-1 but the lakers 0-2 lmaooo! 
1	i'm going to kentucky fried chicken tomorrow so andy better be there because he's like my runaway love. 
0	new plymouth's run at state ended by west side high tonight, 21-13. marsing hosts salmon tomorrow in 2a q-finals. 
0	giving away a trip to dallas to see steelers vs. cowboys on the target facebook page, enter before tomorrow at noon. 
0	don,t miss it international stuttering awareness day: 22 october was designated international. check out new post. 
1	in bed in plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays - home tomorrow. had fun meeting target and target but time for home :. 
0	so noone told me about slingbox? i could've been watched sons of anarchy and the niners game on monday! 
-1	target i was supposed to go to the 30 rock on monday so i could buy some nbc stuff, but my brothers were tired and we had to go home :. 
0	target is there a fanpic being taken at anfield for the game on sunday? 
1	target the 1st day i ever watched a kidrauhl videothe one of you singing in the mirror believe i thought you were adorable&u still are (. 
1	buy my new album comming out called "fuck you procrastination 3" ft. drake trey songz nwc meek rick ross. drops in wshh november 19 cop it! 
-1	i want to see target friday with al green so bad. missing my pinkroom family! 
1	tina fey and amy poehler will host the 70th golden globe awards in january and, for once, i may care about an awards show! 
1	got so excited because today is thursday and grey's anatomy was coming on. but then target reminded me that it's not. 
0	liverpool return to league action on sunday with an anfield clash against newcastle. 
0	watching laugh at my pain with target on this cool saturday night. 
-1	boston rob may have won survivor and the bachelor, but definitely not the finchelor. rhap fan. 
0	senate be barack obama for halloween: in march, after romney beat rick santorum in the ohio republica. 
0	tina fey and amy poehler are going to host the golden globes on jan 13. *hyperventilates*. 
1	have the privilege to ride Day of Defeat sponsored float in january 1 rose parade in pasadena, california! 
1	i liked a target video chris jericho's 1st appearance after the royal rumble 2002 ppv 
-1	spotify is all "matt and kim station eh? may we suggest david guetta?" no, you may not. 
0	wvu's qsu meetings will be at their regular time again starting tonight. meet us at the mountainlair laurel room at 8:00pm every thursday. 
0	a final sign that you're growing is that you find time to watch 30 rock on netflix on friday at 2pm. pic.twitter.com/fogptkbv. 
1	target just wanted to let you know that tvd was amazing tonight! only the 4th episode and it was so intense! loved it! i am happy. 
-1	i remember when i had twitter jail on a football sunday during the cowboys game. the game wasn't even halfway done hatedit. 
0	feedmemore "target chris jericho explains why he thinks ryback should beat call me punk on sunday. 
1	justindoafollowspree c'mon, you want to kidrauhl follow you're amazing account? so let's trend!^. 
1	absolutely amazing day! november 11 is the huge revealing party for nlc. i absolutely can not wait ~ pastor . 
-1	honey badger and jordan jefferson both got arrested for pot possession for the 3rd time. he's out for good fuckkk herbaddiction. 
1	3rd in 2 games! emile heskey bags the opener for newcastle jets. he scores when he wants ! i am happy. x) 
0	a model walks during the 18th annual salon du chocolat show in paris, wearing a dress made entirely out of. 
1	target tim tebow has already had more success than over 95% of qbs who have ever been in the nfl and this is his 3rd season. "killed"? 
0	target did you play for exeter 1st team against swansea yesterday? 
1	if i knew that tomorrow the world ends, i still today, plant a tree. martin luther king. 
1	i love competing in the miss america's outstanding teen program. can't wait until tomorrow! 
-1	target Come On man! honey badger just don't give a shit! 
1	tomorrow is pitbull awareness day! help us change the perception so many people have about this wonderful breed. 
1	target is heading to tom's river Nice job and manhatten, please consider donating to the cause. they feed 1st responders and communities. 
0	i have got 1st unit: back rostu maggette cv31 gmonroe & 2nd unit: bynum daye thinking about you jerebko drummond i hope jr watchez the pistons stickz with them sum. 
-1	target this is the first thursday in a long time where i didn't get to see target i am sad. howsad skype counts (. 
-1	got being human series 4 today. may just watch that tomorrow if this shitey weather continues i am happy. 
0	let the debate begin: eli or big ben - when the steelers play the giants on sunday, there will be something swirling. 
1	betting on the honey badger: will tyrann mathieu make it to the nfl?: this aug. 2, 2012 file photo shows lsu cor. 
-1	i havent went to philly in a while i am sad. my mom going tomorrow but she coming back the day after. & that's bullshit. 
0	*** me the 1st thing that comes to your head! when you hear someone say: one direction, harry,louis,zayn,niall or liam the boys. 
-1	big brother may be watching you right now, and you may never know. surveillance is the new normal -brother-new-normal/. 
1	morning twitterites! goal: by 5pm friday, want to see main stream media report on benghazi, and obama below 42% in polls. hammer it home, patriots! 
0	giants' scutaro leaves game with hip injury: san francisco giants second baseman marco scutaro left monday's nlc. 
0	its monday! that means.back to work, movie premiers, hustle and flow mondays, dj table with afrojack tonight at. 
1	december 4th 2011 curitiba, brazil - the first and last time i saw suicide silence with mitch. i'm glad i ha. 
-1	in may okc is still going to b the primary threat to lose to the lakers. 
0	miss america visits wichita wednesday: the current miss america was in wichita wednesday to talk about her passi. 
0	f2s saints trip moved - everton's january trip to southampton has been resheduled after it was selected for live te. 
1	touchdown 3! 21-0 at the beginning of the 2nd quarter is kind of ridiculous. oh well, roll tide! 
1	target please justin follow me ? hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see you in paris for the 1st time ! je t'aime i love it.. 
0	heather to the rescue! just agreed to do 4sight at oldham tomorrow i am happy. 4networking oldham. 
0	is that live or the 2nd half of the orange bowl? daboswinneyproblems mt target a late arriving crowd. 
0	remind me to watch 30 rock online on friday. ryan lochte is going to be on it i am happy. 
-1	wtf. so now we have to wait until friggin' january for the next episode of pretty little liars. what is this?! 
0	got to show my rubbishy physics presentation tomorrow i am sad. the only good bit is daniel radcliffe singing the elements song i am happy. 
0	if a&m goes 9-3 and texas goes 9-3, they actually might meet up in the cotton bowl in january. 
0	i don't have a jersey to wear tomorrow so i think i'm a just wear a mavs shirt. 
0	second on target - is the second behind alabama this saturday night? 
0	march the entire rose parade in wooden shoes? the moc-floyd valley "pride of the dutchmen" high school (orange. 
0	2nd night going to sleep with this girl on skype laughing out loud target i love it. pic.twitter.com/ic2ajf5g. 
1	*a hot cup of coffee on a cold morning & some nice country music to go gets me everytime i am happy.! wearend , 3rd in the bcs! 
1	meet us at 9755 chalmers tomorrow evening 5:30-7pm- a righteous girl meeting take sum time out your day to have sum christian girl talk. 
0	it's the first week of can't be bothered season, marquette madness friday night. 
-1	i could have been asleep by eleven. except i found am ipod. i'm going to be so tired tomorrow. 
-1	television ratings: cbs and fox split a low-rated wednesday: on a night impacted by both halloween and the after-effects. 
-1	bears suffer a 2-1 loss at sdsu tonight next up - no. 4/5 ucla on sunday in los angeles gobears. 
1	jubiliant girl won the 5th, trainer john sadler's 1,997th text back win in . he also has 2 text back wins vs. qh and 1 win in dubai. 
0	former "saturday night live cohorts tina fey, amy poehler are teaming up to host the golden globe awards. 
0	going home with kayla tomorrow to a typical wisconsin small town. what should a city girl like me experience? 
0	even if i knew that tomorrow the world go to pieces, i would still plant my apple tree. -- martin luther king. 
0	the good news: parks opening sat.., the bad news: the destruction -new-york-city-parks-will-reopen-on-saturday.html?_r=0. 
1	after 6 seasons, gossip girl's ready to say goodbye on december 17th with 2 hour special "new york, i love you xoxox. 
-1	target i hate those movies and devil inside, and i think it's called 4th kind. all those documentary type. 
1	hmmm how about this book for my birthday. and el clasico in la liga will happen on march 3! 
1	i love thursdays.grey's anatomy.one day closer to friday.and no driving to huntsville. 
1	people may hate on jersey shore but honestly i love it. 
0	demba ba is rated as '50-50' to make newcastle united's trip to liverpool on sunday, with the striker nursing . 
-1	special notice for lefties who try to watch the best show on tv, justified. twitter.com/ao4luftp. 
-1	el classico on a sunday night isn't perfect for the monday morning ! 
0	watching the 3rd episode of new jersey shore and i've just realised the theme tune has changed! 
1	tom stone has this soccer team rolling. huge game tomorrow against baylor in the big 12 semifinals. wreckemtech pic.twitter.com/drr4knw7. 
-1	this is only the 4th time wearing my concords. 
-1	who the hell moshes at matt and kim? next time watch out for my face, mofos! my cheekbones better not be purple tomorrow. 
0	jonathan grimes / grimes, who was claimed off waivers by the texans on wednesday, nfl hou. 
-1	how in hell did philly give michaelvick a 100 million dollar contract? they would be better off with matt flynn for a 1/4th price. 
0	this nigga dwight howard has end of the game stats in the 3rd quarter. 
-1	to whom this may concern: please get your shit together before you talk about somebody else love, paris. 
-1	no chipotle today and no grey's anatomy tomorrow. obviously the world hates me. 
0	last day of work and then my 1st official vacation! going to see my little brother in florida tm! and my mommy! 
0	3 days of halloween starts tomorrow: day 1 - david bowie, day 2 - poker face, day 3 - skeleton holla. 
0	you can get up early thursday morning and come to see rick santorum at the charlotte victory center; or, if you. 
-1	steve jobs and dr. king on the same level?!?! Come On kanye. 
-1	drake didn't drop any new shit in october. target cried this morning when he realized. 
0	if alabama loses to lsu on saturday, the bcs championship game could be played without an second team -alabama-loses-to-lsu-bcs-national-championship-game-could-be-played-without-sec-team-110112 via targe. 
1	leah from teen mom 2 is pregnant with her 3rd child and is getting married for the 2nd time to a new guy. congratulations you're 19. 
0	tom horne was a lying bastard when he said he marched with mlk, he's a lying bastard as arizona ag. that's why i love him. xo jan brewer. 
1	the perfect day apart from jordan rhodes' late goal for blackburn. up to 6th in the table, bring on next saturday! 
0	i may or may not be dressing as zayn right now just so i can get cheap food at chipotle. 
-1	wsj: microsoft testing homegrown handset designs with suppliers, may not see mass pro: until very recently, mi. 
0	quiz time. coming up. answers on the osfc physics page only! 1st correct answer wins a kitkat chucky. you must be studying physix at oldham. 
1	frank gore & vernon davis, make wins tomorrow please. 
0	could make his spireites debut against target at the proact stadium in the fa cup first round on saturday. 
0	is this story why a major democrat in florida just asked the gov to extend early voting? -you-heard-about-spigot-cities-that-may-pump-votes-to-obama/ theblaze target. 
1	target white collar returns on tuesday, january 22 at 10/9c.can't wait to see it i am happy. 
-1	at some point tomorrow morning/afternoon, the nhl will can the winter classic, and effectively the entire season. is it march madness yet? 
0	someone take me to florida so i can live in the sun. 
-1	i was legitimately more impressed and intimidated by the devil inside than with pa4. might not see the 5th one at all. 
0	she said she was gone stand in line to get my concords in december ! 
0	how long before the town houses on 7th ave. and mlk get power back on? 
1	sugar bowl, then we might play riverside, playin Stop That aug, peabody, operator walker. man district going be the easy part. 
-1	just a quick message to my tvdukfamily and anyone else who can't watch tvd tonight, my surprise won't be revealed until tomorrow so . 
1	contraband with the boys! so eager to finally watch it! target target monday bored ineedmoregirlfriends pathetic. 
1	being human is our number 1 job. a responsibility. don't you forget it. happy friday! i am happy. 
1	kanye and kim as batman and catwoman may be the best thing i've seen all week. 
1	rasheed wallace said he's ready to play "30 minutes if needed" in tomorrow's home opener at message against the heat. 
0	i want notre dame to go to the national championship but i want ou to win this saturday. 
0	going to the heat vs. bobcats game december 26. 
0	when's the last time the chiefs scored a meaningful offensive touchdown? september 23rd, at saints. 
1	going back to houston tomorrow i am happy. excited! 
1	attending wiflc with our chapter on sunday? please bring items for the charity event. check target fb for more info. 
-1	jordan rhodes was not jeered last night like this bellend in the sun is reporting! 
1	sunsetcinema continues next thursday with red tails, a fantastic portrayal of the tuskegee airmen in action. 
1	what would derek fisher bring to the ..: the lakers may soon be creating a new position for free age. 
1	i needa find this stuff for tomorrow, wssu parade i am happy. i'll be with pipa but you know i'll be with representing my mustangs! 
0	snow white and the huntsman director rupert sanders may direct tom cruise in van helsing: snow white . 
0	ungentlemanly. tim howard runs 20 yards out of goal in an attempt to get sterling sent off for 2nd yellow card . 
1	welcome monday. time to hustle. get on the train. hustle work love career train chicago vision focus. 
0	jr's have to go to the pep rally tomorrow! 
0	vote 'castle', stana katic & nathan fillion in the 2013 people's choice awards: tomorrow marks the final day of. 
1	watching napoleon dynamite and doing homework. i'm having the best saturday ever. 
0	i'm going to go radio at shelter in detroit, mi - nov 25. 
0	3 days to convince some one to come to lana del rey with me in may lol. 
0	footballasakid every day at school, saturday & sunday morning for local teams, saturday afternoon going to watch chelsea. 
1	happy birthday target may you have many more. can't wait to party with you & target on sat. in don't care target. 
0	mtv news exclusive: on the set of the f word: daniel radcliffe talks to mtv news on the set of the f word.added: fri oct 19 06:57:16 . 
1	i have the absolute best "big brother" he's agreed to go go starbucks with us on saturday , i love it. he'sthebest. 
0	learnt a valuable lesson on saturday. when your in oldham and you tell the the taxi driver to take you to town, he won't think you mean mcr! 
0	wait it's friday on the east coast why isn't little things on itunes. 
0	cards drop their 4th straight to niners: how many of you stayed past the 3rd quarter? how many let alone stayed . 
-1	that awkward moment baylor offers a ridiculous amount of money that could be a full ride at tech, but doesn't even cover the 1st year. eff ya. 
0	4th of november is the date for us to receive all relevant documents and work for gcse controlled assessment and iaas. 
0	watching "red tails" 4 the 1st time. 
0	every go getter i know got the same agenda. hustle from january until the end of december. 
1	take the 1st step in faith. you don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the 1st step. ~dr. martin luther king jr. 
1	justin may grow up but he will always be the same alway the kidrauhl that will be caring for fans being weird and making others smile. 
1	monster jam tonight and celtics home opener tomorrow.loveee living walking distance from the gahhhden bostongirl citychick. 
0	may or may not be watching fx right now. might be a movie about just over 25 things. 
1	great start to my 4 days off, sat on the sofa, feet up with a jd and coke listening to al green, get in :. 
1	we may or may not be skyping with drake right now.hahahahaha mademynight. 
0	check out the 'father of lights' film fb fan page and read what people are saying about it! airing friday 6p pt revtv. 
1	i'll be glad when it's tomorrow so i can stop seeing tweets about how justin bieber is cool. 
-1	live: sunderland v newcastle: it may not have the glamour of el clasico or the title implications of the manches. 
1	andy, everything looks 1. you and the ny'ers survived again. still one mind set love my carhart just bought the hood wed lookn good. 
0	so according to the video on the 30th; louis believes in aliens, harry likes backflipping gerbils, liam giggles at larry, niall laughs a lot. 
0	celtics game saturday got to find someone to go with me. 
1	clearly rws fault. super stoked for monday's radio programming and the shit storm about how matt flynn doesn't fumble that ball. 
1	the fiesta bowl was pleasantly surprised monday to learn it is one of six finalists to hos. 
1	a blast from the past. daisy may's should have received a golden globe for this one. i am happy. 
1	after sunday and wednesday's game i'm happy with chelsea style of playing it has improved from last season i am happy. bring on swansea sfc cfc. 
-1	kanye said it best -> " 1st they hate you, then they love you, then they hate you again. 
0	some notes from les miles' wednesday night presser have been posted to the tsd forum. stuff on williford and jj. 
0	back to the hurry back pass back on 1st drive.if i heard the rumors of fedora's plan.you have to think teacher over back did. get your d to stay on assignment. 
0	beliebers have about 40+% more tweets than justin. you may think we're tweeting random shit but there's lots to tweet about kidrauhl. 
0	the golden globe awards will be hosted by tina fey and amy poehler live on nbc on january 13 starting at i am happy.from the beverly hilton hotel. 
-1	mavs couldn't withstand the 3rd quarter by the jazz. maybe a little fatigue from a back to back? 
1	keep the faith target fans, we're never done until the final whistle. the battle for california supremacy begins sunday. bring it. 
-1	chris bosh may be the ugliest man alive. 
-1	power is cancelled tomorrow due to lack of hustle.deal with it sandy heavyweights. 
1	heading to mangere arts centre tonight to support our pipa 2nd years in their solo pieces, go hard guys! see you on stage! :. 
0	what the heck am i supposed to do with my thursday night with no grey's nor scandal?! 
-1	target dwight howard gets his 4th career 30-point, 10-rebound, 5-assist game. too bad it comes in a loss. 
0	my pain may be the reason for somebody,s laugh but my laugh must never be a reason for somebody,s pain charlie_chaplin. 
-1	los angeles, nov 2 actress keira knightley says although she does not like some traits of her character . 
-1	in the sports world report: steelers can't find hotel, to travel sun.: the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new . 
0	want to remind the twitt-o-sphere to add target and get a copy of nappy d before the big smta of napoleon dynamite on sunday the 4th! 
0	yes, my friends revenge from sunday's game chelsea have crushed manchester united with five versus quad. 
0	fulham v everton: match preview: prepare for saturday's game with our match preview, including player views, sta. 
0	evolution of safety: is ambulatory safety the missing link? next npsf webcast, nov 15, earn ces or cmes, ptsafety. 
1	can you imagine the front 3 of suarez on the right, sterling on the left & klaas-jan through the middle? i am surprised. that would be amazing :-. 
0	new bucketist items: learn the lyrics to house of the rising sun and devil went down to georgia. 
0	donaire in the race for fighter of the year award. won't be surprised if he nails it. first he must beat jorge arce in houston on dec 15. 
1	target sam! it's target birthday! may you wish her a happy one, please? i am happy. 
0	pre-match briefing with ginny: "so who are we seeing tomorrow? i mean, i know it's the crows, but who are they playing?" "gary ablett. 
0	so now all i want to do is watch being human. and i have enough money to buy the boxset when i go to town tomorrow. 
1	and it that's not your thing, don't forget that being human is on our stage this friday, heart-warming and gorgeous. 
0	might as well go to the atlanta tomorrow. 
0	it's official, i'm going to the justin bieber concert tomorrow! 
0	my ninja got us tickets for the mavs game monday!(. 
0	i miss sunday nights with target and mob wives. vh1 television bestprimetimelineup. 
0	i saw my father march with martin luther king & "my father and i marched with mlk jr. through the streets of detroit. 
1	over again is the 2nd ed song on tmh. a ballad where harry, niall, liam, zayn and louis sound most comfortable via targe. 
1	I am happy 1st i have the same birthday as chris jericho 2nd i just figured out rybacks birthday is one day after mine! 
-1	if chris bosh drinks a beer he won't burp till tomorrow, long neck modafacka. 
0	I am going to watch the steelers and giants game this sunday. 
0	television news: dec 17th 'gossip girl' finale will air a sneak peek of the upcoming 'sex & the city' spin off 'the carrie diaries. 
0	target were visiting the scarborough in leeds on sat before our fa cup game at guiseley. 
-1	sopa is back! as a ransomware virus: [ after historic internet protests in january the sopa. 
1	brothers film premiere tonight, sunderland away saturday and jon richardson sunday - should be a good few days! 
0	8am in uk then 4am here in the philippines but the same date. nov/3/2012. 
1	target ohh wooow, it's pretty age, sex, location we in it. anywhoo i'm going to sleep. we got to chill soon, or sunday. :. 
1	in the los angeles area on nov. 30th- december 1st 2012? this is a red carpet event that you do not want to miss! 
-1	i may just have to move the numbers game to fb because 140 characters aren't enough for the ones that sent numbers lol. 
0	they call me tim tebow in the 4th quarter. 
1	target aw thanks sam ! i miss you too much. & tomorrow you better text me. i have a lot to tell yeah . 
0	now that you have looked at my avi, come to breast cancer awareness event hosted by dreamteam. thursday at 7 in b117 wells. 
-1	john 3:16 meaning: 3rd and 16th letters are see and p, for child porn, and the guy's name is john. he's recruiting at the game. 
0	friday find-a-friend: i love it. i love it. i love it. is all sam the labrador does and i love it. i love it. i love it. is all he asks for in return. 
1	target champions heat, mvp lebron, coach of the year doc rivers, rook of the year damian lillard, 6th man ginobili, most improved lamar odom. 
0	demba ba is rated as '50-50' to make newcastle's trip to liverpool on sunday, with the striker nursing a calf injury. 
1	urban wants braxton to train with tim tebow in the off season! i say yes! may not be a good qb, but the dude is smart & works hard. 
1	target you'll be at lakers vs clippers game Too much work ? i'll be there. 1st live national basketball association game for this german girl. woo hoo. 
-1	why won't nbc, cbs, abc and cnn cover the breaking news in the benghazi story? information came out last tuesday,. 
0	nor bond nor oath is set to further, than this one. may the skill of men, elves, wizards, and free folk go with you.twitter.com/la3skryk. 
0	emile heskey causing a newcastle stir - check out 1st his overhead kick and 2nd the heskey camera -222942/australian-broadcaster-launches-emile-heskey-cam.html. 
1	so happy, just saw an advert on comedy central and they're doing the themed friends marathon thing on sunday from 8 again yayayayay. 
0	target i just realized that today is my 17th anniversary at wizards. don't show up to work on friday, see what happens. 
0	that's what the hot texas sun does to your legs. 
0	watch the 1 ranked gator swim team take on second opponent texas a friday, november 2, at 4 pm. 
-1	german oral exam on the monday i go back to school and then on the thursday i have a maths algebra gcse kill me now. 
0	tomorrow is national freebooth awareness day. wear orange so i know it real. 
0	premier league, championship & fa cup action this weekend. i've spent the last couple hours putting a treble together! will post tomorrow! 
0	november 1st 2003: manchester united vs portsmouth. cristiano ronaldo scores his first goal for mufc at the age of 18 years - 269 days old. 
1	looking forward to this concert in vancouver on december 15th.hope to see you all there! love that city! 
0	i feel like a kid waiting for christmas when it comes to bike parts i want. please kenda release your honey badger soon.-kenda-honey-badger-tire-coming-out-in-january. 
1	laughing out loud i have to decide between going on a date saturday or lsu vs bama game.hahahaha this is easy geaux tigers. 
1	meet the stars of the dream factory and win movie tickets and sugar bowl lift tickets tomorrow at sb presidio at 5pm! -dream-factory/promoter.aspx. 
-1	talklikeyourbestfriend Come On big ben! you'll never get another ring if you keep throwing pick sixes all the time! 
0	I am moving to california on the 16th. 
-1	mao's cult may have no place in china's future: as tension increased on the border with india in the early 1960'. 
1	the spanish national manager vicente del bosque believes sunday's el clasico set the perfect example: -gb/news/3277/la-liga/2012/10/09/3437920/el-clasico-set-perfect-example-says-del-bosque?source=breakingnews. 
-1	drake, little wayne, dr dre, wiz, mac, all them haters going to be jealous of our tweets in the sun rise motha fuckas targe. 
0	new orleans saints live updates from joe vitt, drew brees press conferences: vitt, brees talk about monday night. 
0	tomorrow : the red devils are going to meet the gunners , manchester united against arsenal , 8:45pm live on espn & espn hd . 
0	tomorrow come see all in! at la's comedy central space. it's free but you need a reservation- call 323-960-5519 pic.twitter.com/t9ngimyt. 
-1	sooo. we think you whovians may have just crashed the people's choice awards site. - doctorwho: or,. 
-1	check it out! --> report: steelers can't find hotel, to travel sun. 
0	everton at fulham: q&a with cottagers confidential - everton travel to fulham on saturday, and we talked to kris. 
-1	demba ba is a doubt for newcastle utd's trip to anfield on sunday after he limped off yesterday. the problem. 
1	target drake may not be the best to you all but to me he is! & meee. 
0	my pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh, but my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain. 
-1	get the concords in december, get my camaro into an accident with a brand new civic and get a ticket on top of it. 
0	this has to be the 30th time grown ups has been on fx in the past 3 weeks. 
0	for throwback thursday, elvis and the beatles.two huge icons. which do you like better? 
1	dwight howard is dominating this game 29 pts & 9 rebs with 15 minutes left in the game 
-1	i still don't understand the joke behind motor boatin'.i'll ask tom tomorrow morning. 
1	we declare heaven is invading nlc for october 31 outreach. father as it is and heaven we say so it is and are outreach. sick will be healed. 
1	great weekend.roll tide victory, browsed flea market , now at work.monday.chilly monday. i am sad.. 
0	oh dear howard webb is the referee for the manu v arsenal game on saturday at old trafford. 
1	target serious talk if you and tyler do a dayz thing, i can hook you up with a server. skype i am surprised.cdsupertoaster i love it. cell : dinner 1st. 
1	the series finale date of gossip girl will be december 17 - they say don't cry because it's over, smile because it . 
-1	call us superstitious.our condo does not have a 13th floor. some wiki thoughts on the origin of that tradition. 
0	if osu runs something like that little pop pass they did in the sugar bowl a couple years ago, they probably score on this 4th down. 
-1	he needs to win against the clippers tomorrow or hell will start to rain down on his ass ! 
0	i'm going to black light burns at underworld, camden in london, united kingdom - feb 14. 
0	and with the almost guaranteed draft day swap of picks, the pats will get a 4th rounder back when they inevitably move down in the draft. 
0	12th annual intersex awareness day marked around the globe -annual-intersex-awareness-day-marked-around-the-globe/ via target. 
-1	why is chris bosh so fuckin' ugly -__- the world may never know. 
1	target i look forward to see you with liam, louis, zayn and harry in "dancing with the stars" in france saturday! i am happy.. 
0	i rememeber i was an 8th grader & in a while were about to be jr's wow . 
1	a never-ending gold rush in china: china, the largest producer of gold, may also become the biggest consumer of . 
-1	just kidding bless that this sunday is the season finale of downton abbey. i don't know how much more crying i can take. 
0	winter classic 2013 won't be canceled thursday: the nhl will not be canceling the 2013 winter classic on thursda. 
1	yeah hawks! going to the ship for the 3rd consecutive year! so proud of everyone -- let's conquer gordon's stupid grass field! 
0	target i want mark's thots comparing/contrasting romney from last night 2 what may have been santorum; this from santorum supporter. 
0	lsu coach les miles said bcs title game has no bearing on saturday's matchup with alabama. 
0	as much as i'd like to finish "red tails," i got to hit the rack. tomorrow's my boss' last day at work after 15. 
0	target got time for a skype tonight/tomorrow? want a pre game chat, last day in before vacation is saturday. 
1	the goal-celebration i did when i scored my 2nd goal in the el clasico last sunday is dedicated to ellai, my loved one. 
1	no way red tails for the 1st time! 
1	all new teen mom 2 this monday, i really want to see it. 
0	found the game on in aussie! even though it's sunday afternoon.roll tide! 
1	what would complete my sunday: the patriots winning and the bumblebees 
0	who ever wins lsu vs bama this saturday is going to the national championship. 
-1	target have no one to blame in the home opener loss - to the pacers - except themselves. lots of bad shots in the 4th! toronto raptors. 
1	what time is it? target thurs at i am happy.m! improv favorite comedy central's bob biggerstaff! $5 with promo code: chili pic.twitter.com/amdioykq. 
-1	ew , school tomorrow , it gets tiring making straight a's -__-. 
0	broncos peyton manning named away from computer offensive player of the month. it's his 5th such honor, second to tom brady's 6, tied with td. 
0	lsu needs to do one thing to beat bama. and stop the run! win it in the 4th quarter, geaux tigers! 
1	yaaay! jason is my fave! "target .and like that, target becomes the 6th act in the top 12! 
-1	watching bad reality television with drew before he leaves for georgia tomorrow. bad reality tv.is that redundant? haha ilovemybestfriend. 
0	target tomorrow is the justin bieber consert in louisville kentucky i hope i the ollg. 
0	matt flynn may possibly not be as good as peyton manning is but he was the second decision for the miami dolphins. 
1	come support the show/movement at parkdale high school on oct 26th from 8-11 with aja, dreamteam, hqb, dsb&hib. leave the bullshit at the door. 
0	vallejo this saturday, nov 3rd at concert pub galleria in houston, tx! showtime at 10pm. h-town hope to see you there! 
0	you've seen the honey badger video: now get the pizza: sun-dried to. [pic]: foursquare. 
0	monday is going to be so strange when i go back to school to get my gcse stuff. 
-1	i have to be up by 6:30 tomorrow for the rose parade thingy, the band is playing in it. i don't even like marching! 
1	i just saw on television that teen mom 2 is coming out with a new season november 12th, can't wait to see it! 
0	who's getting a picture with chris jericho on friday? -chris-jericho-comes-to-looney-tunes/. 
0	cant tell from up in the upper deck, but looks like teacher over back may be wearing skechers to a fb game. 
1	jim brown praises trent richardson - rookie running back trent richardson did more than win sunday's game for the br. 
-1	getting off of twitter for tonight I am going to get on tumblr then bed goodnight oh yeah & i won't be here this weekend so no twitter until sunday. 
-1	little mouse and the buffoons that support his foolishness set the black race back 400 years. king didn't march for that foolishness. 
1	cant wait to go meet the cast of being human on tuesday. be jealous, bitches. 
0	oct 30 1974- the rumble in the jungle boxing match between muhammad ali and george foreman takes place in kinshasa, zaire. 
1	watching underworld with jace, having a pretty nice sunday. 
0	top second teams have chance to play in the cotton bowl and jan. 1 games: capital one and outback. as for the pac-12: alamo, sun, holiday, etc. 
0	white collar returns in january? are you kidding me?! >:-. 
1	david bowie may be the first celeb i've seen who could make mugshots look like a photoshoot for calv. 
0	black dude just set civil rights movement back 300 yrs.king is rolling in grave wishing he'd called in sick 4 that march in dc. 
0	reminder for pca students, smalls groups will be packing up the operation christmas child shoe boxes tomorrow, so bring in your stuff! 
1	target enjoy your last night in swansea! thursday is all about sin city sinsavers. 
0	target f2 dubai 3 nov, 7pm onwards with target some vps, and directors! check fb for details! target targe. 
1	five weeks of intense rehearsals almost complete! last rehearsal day tomorrow before the jbsa cast travels to singapore! "take a bow! 
0	november 2nd: google doodle honoring the birthday of the nobel prize awarded greek poet odysseas elytis. morning tweeps pic.twitter.com/gnftbm0h. 
0	going to baylor on the 9th. 
1	yay teen mom 2 starts monday! but the only reason i watch it is for target i am happy. 
1	wow, colin powell going to cmu for mlk jr. celebration in january. that's cool. a big name for little cmu. 
0	is announcing an award the same as presenting it? because ok is announc it 11/1 but what about the actual golden globes show in january? 
0	q1 1:45. trent richardson rushed right to the cleveland 43 for 1 yard. 3rd & 2. 
0	sandy is expected to make landfall sometime monday night along the new jersey shore, bringing 3 to 6 inches of. 
1	target hi , you are inspires me and so may fans ! i need you here in brazil ! you read the casual vacany ? 
-1	target target falsely claimed he saw his father march with martin luther king jr. facts truth. 
0	i should go to mc and sc game tomorrow , just so that i can brag on the bearcat and complain about what both teams do. 
-1	i swear i'm just going to kirk if somebody come out their mouth wrong tomorrow, cause i can't take that shit no more. 
0	emile heskey scores two goals for the newcastle jets in win over the victory | herald sun: -heskey-scores-two-goals-for-the-newcastle-jets-in-win-over-the-victory/story-e6frfg8x-1226504233500?sv=c3fbb1be4e5da89183bf6eadbdd07a5e .uip6eae8ing.twitter via target. 
0	praying wednesday can beat manager less rovers. hoping jordan rhodes forgets he put 4 past us last season! 
0	if you are looking for a laid back guy, consider wisconsin. share him please, your share may be the one to save. 
1	manchester united can return to the top of the english premier league on saturday should they defeat ar. 
0	target target target target I am pumpkin carving again and watching the alabama vs. lsu game saturday night! 
-1	get your excuses in early lol"target cant see us beating west ham on sat not now that howard webb is on loan to the hammers for the game. 
-1	you know you are desperate of answer when you see the 2nd page of google. 
1	starting the 2nd season of being human, lol, that was quick. 
0	it's friday! and if you ignore rebecca black, you'll be coming down to camberwell for some friday night hobby. 
-1	miss you - aaliyah on repeat. too many lost ones pop in my mind. tribute to them may be on the way from me.look out. 
0	flight from vancouver to montreal. view right window. flying high above the clouds into the sun. 
1	this week has been a good week. got the national basketball association package free on direct television until nov 6th. national basketball association is fantastic! 
0	snow white and the huntsman director rupert sanders may direct tom cruise in van helsing. 
1	still yet to get really excited for anfield on sunday.surely the run must end sometime? 
-1	very gruesome terrible injury for marcus lattimore be strong, the injury was similar to mcgahee from 2003 fiesta bowl. 
-1	former lsu qb jordan jefferson was arrested with the honey badger. daddy miles can't save you this time and let you start on saturday. 
0	the patriots are scheduled to hold just one practice thid week, on thursday. players are off wednesday and friday. 
0	penalty goal kick by bronwyn corrigan of queens misses on final play of 1st half. fx leads queens 21-3 at the half. 
0	ba facing fitness fight: demba ba is rated as '50-50' to make newcastle united's trip to liverpool on sunday, wi. 
1	target clearly for the packers game. dec 23. and yes. i love vests. iwishbrodywouldwearone isheturnedornot? 
0	off to do my vlog. watching devil inside and journey 2 the mysterious island tomorrow.. 
0	i want to go crazy with zayn till we see the sun. 
0	celtics game tomorrow night at 7:30! how about a hometown win! 
1	i liked a target video ricky gervais talks 10th anniversary the office with brad blanks in new york city. 
1	love me some aaliyah, may she rest in peace. 
1	kanye & kim as batman and catwoman may be the hottest thing i have ever seen jeal bestcelebcouple. 
0	lead / enquiry posted on 02 nov 2012 11:11:09: can i have the onkyo service centre in singapore? rgds. 
0	the recipient of the cecil . demille award in the golden globe awards?the hfpa board of directors' choice to be announced thursday morning. 
0	that moment when i didn't realize that target was going to be in georgia tomorrow, and it's my dad's birthday. -__-. 
1	jon huntsman, jr. is speaking tomorrow at the university of akron. will be there! 
1	target good luck this sunday night vs the 7-0 falcons but you can win the history is on or side and tony romo has never lost to them. 
1	martin luther king; elizabeth 1st; the girl with the short skirt in mcdonalds; my grandaughter. - mention20peopleyouwanttomeet. 
-1	well doctors said i have some kind of bug &it's probably best i don't go to school until monday its a good thing too badfever verysickgirl. 
0	it's 3 ferry friday between torpoint and plymouth with waiting times upto 10 minutes. [pc] 
1	i know it's only november but i've already decided to be lana del rey next halloween when my hair is natural brown girlcrush. 
0	target 'jordan rhodes pulls out of scotland squad for friday's world cup qualifier with wales.' nightmare. 
1	tim tebow may have you "beat" "target i think i might be the most famous dude that still jacks off. 
-1	if my stomach still feels funny tomorrow, i'm going to punch one, or possibly all, of the jordan kids right in the kidneys. 
0	white collar launches the second half of season 4 on tuesday, jan. 
-1	i am manipulative: knightley: los angeles, nov 2: actress keira knightley says although she does not like some . 
1	this time 18 years ago we won our 1st game of the season v west ham thks to a goal from gary ablett. also 1st day in my current job. 
0	i am sad.7/11 stoke beat hajduk split 1-0, 2nd q round of the europa league. the potters' first game in the competition in 37 years. 
1	can't wait for the knicks to beat the heat tomorrow. 
0	blog: nbc replaces tomorrow's "animal practice" with new "30 rock. 
1	i once told harry i was leaving the band on february 30th. he cried for hours until he realised there is no february 30th - zayn malik. 
1	ugh, the cotton bowl last sat was almost better than today. 
-1	on sunday night, does penis lebeau expect to match ike taylor up with .. because i don't think that's going to work in our favor. 
0	sunwood will be at pip tomorrow, outside dc. come and try on the new autumn wraps that will take you to and from. 
-1	a whole day of maths, i have to endure this on monday i am sad. killmenow. 
-1	might not be able to get a free taco tomorrow. as napoleon dynamite would say, dang it! 
1	i want to go to the battle of the bands/ drumlines at cotton bowl november 11th! 
0	my mums going to liverpool shopping tomorrow and i'm working. 
1	. azhar ali's 157 vs england in the 2nd innings of the 3rd test in dubai wins best batting performance of the year by a pakistani in tests. 
0	around the no f**king clue west: racking up awards: alex smith was named the nfc's offensive player of the week wednesday. 
0	this whole time i'm thinkin why the heck is everyone keeps talkn about the niners but i forgot its monday night football lmao. 
0	videos of our rehearsals, videos of our performance at disneyland at end of dec, videos of us at the actual rose parade on new years day. 
1	happy single awareness day at official forever alone day - february 14 i am happy. 
0	in the second game, texas tech beat ku 2-0. if okstate defeats baylor, then tech awaits on friday. 
1	may i have rob pattinson with a side of daniel radcliffe ? i am happy. please. 
1	1968 comeback special elvis.a tour de force! don't miss the show on sunday. tickets still available. 
0	i'm going to the xx at rialto theatre in tucson, az - feb 17. 
1	if you struggle reconciling total and implicit faith in a god you've never seen you may not want to miss this weekend at nlc. no fear part 3. 
-1	heading into this sunday I am in trouble at the Team effort spot vernon davis is on the bye fred davis is on ir and finley is q'able. 
1	watched "devil inside" and "paranormal activity" . yes i'm definitely going to church sunday morning! 
0	chicken, basketball, and you ratchet hoes?! new thursday tradition. 
1	hustle season december christmas jan 3 nyelle birthday party got to be the shit i'm ready lbs. 
1	tom brady is named the away from computer offensive player of the week for the 22nd time in his career. it ties peyton manning for the most prisoner of war honors. 
-1	target wrong. friday - rebecca black. are you some special kind of stupid? 
-1	trent richardson is the bad-weather back the cleveland browns have long needed: bill livingston's mon. 
1	target no man, thank you. philly plays you guys on march second i'd love to meet you man! 
0	going shopping for little miss parks tomorrow , like she need anything else ! 
1	for 3 hours once a year, target shares a birthday with target because its the 2nd in michigan but still the 1st in california! :. 
1	after watching the raptors first hand today, they definitely in contention for the 8th seed. they were better than the pacers today. 
-1	i just looked at uva's sat requirements and such. I am definitaly not getting in straight up. lauging out loud with a southern drawl at me. looks like I am going to transfer. 
1	target wrong! amazing show. won the golden globe in january. sorry son! 
0	hanging at dia waiting for my delayed flight to los angeles. i'm sure the delay has something to do with sandy. usc-oregon game saturday! 
1	: patriots tom brady wins away from computer offensive player of the week for 22nd time. -6flr -- nfl. 
-1	target we live in the jersey shore area. no power since mon. disgusted with the response of disaster! 
1	i should've worn the concords tomorrow. -.- oh well. 
0	lee mason has been dropped by united for saturday's fixture against arsenal. looks like howard webb has been brought back into the team. 
-1	ou really has nothing play for anymore. screw the sun bowl or cotton bowl. if we aren't in a bcs bowl game, it's a disappointing season. 
0	the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow. 
1	rft target skype nights! might as well skype with someone who going to be at the mmg tour at 1st mariner. 
0	i basically live here. find me on the 4th floor! (@ dr. martin luther king jr. on yelp. 
-1	how are these fools talking about "niners are the best team in the nfc".last time i checked, the giants shat on them. held them to f**king gay in 4th. 
0	new post: homeschool friday - beginning of the week we did a little book on martin luther king jr. find the. 
0	target just thinking of the mag on exorcisms you mentioned Friday you need 2 see the documentary the devil inside which is based on true events. 
1	had such a great time lastnight at the pipa 2nd year solos - fantastic to see new talent on stage :. 
0	considering expectations going into the year & the mishandling of 4th qtr vs unc someone should turn the hot water on in tob's beach house. 
1	i think target is my besy player for manchester united then it is robin van persie good luck aginst arsneal at old trafoord saturday. 
0	november 1st 2003: cristiano ronaldo scored his first manchester united goal with 18 years - 269 days old. 
1	asif the next pretty little liars episode is in january, i can't wait so long. the halloween episode was next level tho. 
0	foxbusiness: barclays profit driven by investment banking: barclays plc wednesday continued to reap the re. 
0	just watched my movie, contraband! look 4 me in the movies the bay and flight in theaters & on demand on nov 2! contraband thebay flight. 
0	louis oosthuizen is now three strokes clear in china - he is playing the 17th hole - phil mickelson remains second on the second day. 
1	pretty little liars just blew my mind! atrain was everything i'd hoped for. is it january yet.? 
0	the firewall? obama's last stops of the 2012 campaign next monday will be in wisconsin, ohio and iowa -- where his 2008 bid began. 
0	who left the door unlocked in tuesday's wizards game? our target breaks it down. -left-the-door-unlocked/. 
0	target make you register for the undergrad summit in atlanta jan 25-26. 
1	congratulations sarah geronimo for winning the best local video artist in 8th ustv student's choice awards. we are so proud of you. 
0	onto the 9th season of greys anatomy. 
0	spoke to a sheikh from dubai at goodison on sunday with his full costume on i gave him our details he said hell be in touch for lfc glasses. 
1	just had our meeting with angie and george from big brother. we all getting excited about saturday night we. 
1	s/o to target & hope he has safe travels tomorrow. herdnation could use you. doc loves those florida boys. 
0	target need tailgate tips! how do you keep food warm with no crock pot? want to make buffalo chix dip for wvu game saturday! 
1	thursday's top 5: one game, five great plays from an exciting night in the national basketball association on thursday. 
1	i'm a real nigga 1st, get money 2nd break bread with my niggas we like family so respect it-yo gotti. 
1	indiana men's 1st basketball game tonight! lets go hooisers! indianamensbasetball 1game love. 
1	had such an epic night. going to pay for it tomorrow when raw hits newcastle. World Wrestling Entertainment raw. 
0	one of these days the sun is going to come out again. grey, rainy, cloudy day after day in tdot toronto. 
1	can't wait for january to roll around with raylan givens and some new episodes of justified. 
1	want to see lana del rey in london so much in may! 
-1	no new grey's or scandal.
-1	and now we have no power! i am sad. i wonder if ces does since it is only two blocks away? kiddos may be coming home from school. 
0	anyone want to go to a free concert saturday in georgia with me? 
0	just notified that steelers can't find hotel rooms in ny so they're leaving sunday morning. thank you, scorecenter, for this breaking news. 
0	kirk gone acoustic with quentin may target 8:00 tonight! 
0	let the debate begin: eli or big ben: when the steelers play the giants on sunday, there will be something swirling. 
0	q2 3:51. trent richardson rushed right to the cleveland 49 for 12 yards. 1st & 10. 
1	we are at club h disco dancing the night away! thanks jan for dedicating your the devil in disguise by elvis to me! 
0	target a trunk show by pipa & bella & eksms on nov 1st at escobar with complimentary cocktail workshop & designer jewelry.rsvp to us. 
0	heat,celtics,bulls,knicks>rt target who do you have at 4th?target targe. 
1	even if i knew that tomorrow the world would still go to pieces, i would still plant my apple tree. - martin luther king jr. 
1	i'm getting off work tomorrow. then coming home to watch the heat win and talk shit. 
-1	kenya powerites, may all thy respective spouses cheat on thee for denying me a rerun of the el classico. 
0	howard webb will officiate the west ham vs manchester city game tomorrow. <bj>. 
1	we're going to a patriots game! monday night football baby! can't wait! -/. 
1	target - jason, loving your performances. may your disco balls shine! you are truly the hot slut of the day. -slut-day. 
0	arsenal fruit cake vs manchester united - a close contest or not?: saturday at old trafford will see the . away from computer arsenal. 
1	on the bright side, looking forward to cambridge city away in the fa cup tomorrow night, should be a laugh! 
-1	that 2nd half was shit la didnt deserve to win it vancouver played tough and didnt deserve to be screwed by the ref. 
-1	tomorrow marks the start of what is usually chelsea's worst month. swansea, shakhtar, pool, wba, juve, city & fulham over 4 weeks - tough! 
-1	i seriously may be the only person who doesn't like madonna. 
0	did a decision by teacher over back cost ncsu the win and their streak against unc find out on the new podcast tomorrow! 
-1	i haven't eaten chicken nuggets since i was like 6 or 7. who wants to get some mcdonald's with me tomorrow? 
1	target happy birthday! 
-1	sooo i didn't know the first friday the 13th didn't have jason in it. 
-1	words with friends just made me watch an ad for the dvd release of red tails. now i may have to pay zinga or they may make me watch it again. 
-1	in case you weren't invited . .: .it 'may' have been because andy was hiding a deep,dark secret personali. 
0	with the spireites short of defensive options ahead of saturday's fa cup first-round tie at home to target. 
0	friendly fire target the nw's finest dj, on air in yorkshire today, lancashire tomorrow and liverpool on sunday! tune in and give him a listen . 
1	happy birthday to my big brother target may god continue to bless you and prosper you. 
-1	i'm always thinking that the bachelor is pathetic, bunch of gurls fighting for a guy!.c'mon! but when is the opposite i kind of like it i am happy. 
1	pit bull fans celebrate 1st annual awareness day: animal lovers of all kinds gathered at the buddy holly recreation. 
0	downton abbey tops television poll | showbiz | - home of the daily and sunday express -abbey-tops-tv-poll. 
1	target i married a former miss. colorado, 2nd runner-up miss america, she could not be more excited to see her state flip right! 
0	tomorrow night: practice with the target team, black vs gold baseball game, & a mizzou vs sc volleyball game. 
0	target want to come with me and tom to milwaukee on saturday to see obama and katy perry. 
0	q2 3:08. trent richardson rushed right to the san diego 40 for 11 yards. 1st & 10. 
-1	we still have to work the wvu game on saturday i am sad. thats going to be brutal. 
1	peso rises over moody's credit rating upgrade for philippines .: the peso inched up on tuesday following the . 
1	i know it is only october 20, but kstate can probably start booking travel to at least the fiesta bowl. 
-1	it's howard webb. bookies aren't giving odds on that. target what are the odds that man you will get a penalty on saturday? 
0	flight from vancouver to montreal. view right window. fling high above the clouds into the sun. 
1	last saturday! i am happy. happy halloween! i am happy. can someone make me an edit of zayn malik? i am happy. thanks in advance. 
0	today its the 12 october 2012. five years ago on 12 october 2007 the first wizards of waverly place episode ever premiered on disney channel. 
1	alex smith is 10th in the mvp running! right now he quals for probowl with over a 70 qbr! i said it before the season started! 
-1	will take that result & top the group as well. bet tim howard is cursing away at us ahead of sunday lfc. 
0	braille and large print game night is this coming tuesday at mlk jr. library room 215 from 6pm to i am happy.m. see you there! 
-1	honey badger don't know the 4th amendment, "after mathieu, 20, gave the police his consent to search the apartment. 
0	target haha i havent worn shalwar kameez for about 10 years. you went bolton darul uloom? may i ask. aalim class? 
1	another les miles gem: "when you're challenged, and if you enjoy challenge, we'll, you enjoy it." from monday's presser. 
0	ba facing fitness fight: demba ba is rated as '50-50' to make newcastle united's trip to liverpool on sunday, with. 
0	franklin is 6th in the state in hib related suspensions. grouped with elizabeth city, cherry hill, & phillipsburg. 
0	there's fluidity to the clippers offense even when the second team & lamar odom enter the game. 46-36 4:22 before the half nba. 
1	a** hole monday nights, a glorious time of the week to spend reading about mafioso's on wiki. 
0	nothin like a sunday morning sesh with ben . king, aretha franklin, and etta james trynnaturnthisdayaround target targe. 
0	like.30 minutes of the original friday the 13th consisted of jason's mom chasing a girl from the lake house to the same damn cabin. 
-1	sat alone in my office at lunch so i could watch an episode of mob wives. pretty sure this day ends with me jumping in front of a train. 
-1	my nephew is moving to florida tomorrow and he won't even say bye to me. what an asshole. 
0	goodnight, twitter. i will see you tomorrow- when everyone is done talking about the justin bieber concert. 
1	why america may go to hell- wish it wouldve been completed and i wish i could read the contents of it. by mlk. 
0	watch by mid december, dwight howard is going to want a trade back to orlando! 
-1	redheads at cancer risk regardless of sun exposure: study: paris - people with pale skin and . 
0	though sopa and pipa were defeated in the us, a similar bill was passed in the philippines. -202_162-57522609/facebooks-like-may-land-filipinos-in-jail/. 
1	*blue moon community garden, alive and kicking in the tucson, az sun!twitter.com/yc7zpzym. 
-1	if you don't know who kidrauhl is you may as well no speak to me ever again. 
0	today is the 3rd anniversary of white collar! 
0	sat watching new jersey shore in uk target target walking along the boardwalk. after the watching the news 2 night gutted 4 new jersey. 
0	lana del rey is playing vicar Stop That next year. tickets onsale the 5th of nov. 44 euros. wondering if it would be worth it? 
1	my friday: closet clean out, furniture rearranging, al green while taking a bath wrapping it all up with downton abbey. 
-1	who's on first? 1st down & goal or ready, set, debate? who is big ratings winner tonight? - sadly the bachelor would probably beat all. 
0	what would derek fisher bring to the ..: the lakers may soon be creating a new position for free agent. 
1	target 3rd in 2 games! emile heskey bags the opener for newcastle jets v melbourne victory -heskey-bags-the-opener-for-newcastle-jets-v-melbourne-victory/ ha ha ha ! 
0	two more days till the march to the bcs resumes! sdsu gets to experience what a top ranked defense looks like up close. 
-1	go conservative with 600 yd offense, then kick ball to best player in account when it's only way you can lose. that about sum up tob's 4th q? 
0	so, i just sat through united 93. i'm not sure about how i feel about much of what i saw. i'll need some time to process. 
0	demba ba is rated as '50-50' to make newcastle united's trip to liverpool on sunday, with the striker nursing a calf injury. 
0	it may be a bit like yugoslavia at the end of communism. jon huntsman on what happens to the gop if romney loses. 
0	target predicted right now to be in the orange bowl playing rutgers on jan. 
1	tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe awards: in what may be the smartest thing the hollywood fore. 
1	cowboys beat giants 1st game of the nfll season and the mavs beat the lakers without dirk all is well till playoff picture is painted blunted. 
-1	mama jan hes been there since common denominator, she can't leave. a little peiece of kidrauhl will be gone i do not love it.. 
0	web log post: vice president joe biden to present the top ten list on cbs's "late show with david letterman," thursday,. 
1	target what if gangnam style brought the sun for brazil ku klux klan very hot here i love you i love it.. 
1	off to carrow road saturday to see the mighty canaries shit all over stoke i am happy. angry bloke will no doubt be sat behind me again! 
1	join us for worship on sunday 10/28 and enjoy the dance ministry and joyful noise at both services 8:45 and 10:10. 
0	want to try see target in falmouth on saturday after plymouth was ruined by guy but worried he might be part of the act? 
-1	lakers going to lose to the clippers tomorrow and going to think the world is over. relax you all okay but not going to win the west. 
0	gossip madonna madonna performs in st. louis thursday night; will she be late? teamfollowback go. 
1	i love that notredame is ranked 4th. spot light is off us, and we can roll right into the national championship. watch out bama. 
1	oh my God roosies on a thursday is the best ever. drunk chelsea=happy chelsea. 
0	china week ends with jon huntsman's lecture, "us / china relations during an election year," on monday at 7:30 .. 
0	big weekend for the saints ! roll on sunday ! 
0	alright. g'night! tomorrow i will be in california. the next day i will see bigbang with my own eyes. no pressure on the sleeping now. :. 
-1	community doesn't come on until february now. lego lord of the rings doesn't come out for two more weeks now. now no parks and rec tonight?! 
1	hey all you pretty little liars fans! let's trend happybirthdaytroianbellisario .sunday october 28th. 
-1	winter classic is cancelled. bettman better watch his back. there's going to be a lot of nhl fans who want him dead. i may or may not be one. 
1	oh yeah, i'm totally excited for tina fey and amy poehler to host the golden globes in january. they're amazingly funny women! 
0	think that one year the el classico should be held at a 0 stadium: the brittania, on a wet wednesday night mixitup. 
-1	yeah it's most likely that i won't be able to go to the game tomorrow in tucson unless i get a last minute ride. noride saddd. 
1	target nov 18th steelers game is military day; my brother a former marine will b there, he's excited 2 know you will b singing the anthem. 
1	at least 15 november starts among qbs, tony romo has the best winning % in nfl history. he isn't the problem! 
0	target there is filming going on tomorrow. can you confirm you can be in oldham by 10? 
1	come support the show/movement at parkdale high school on oct 26th from 8-11 with aja, dreamteam, hqb, dsb&hib. leave the bullshit at the door. 
-1	49ersparadise hop: pick your poison: eliminating vernon davis comes with a price [bee-blog]: mon, 29 oct 2012 8:. 
1	tina fey named golden globe host.mmm i may just have to watch that. 
0	rowan, some people you may know on twitter first one, domino's pizza in plymouth, second some random person I don't know and third a llama breeder. 
1	i was target when they were unbeaten playing osu to be in the running for the national championship. this saturday's game is bigger. 
0	sam used to make out with girls for practice in the 7th grade and 8th grade after school. 
1	here's the full info for friday's pats game! i am happy. breast cancer awareness night friday post-game skate on the. 
1	many many good people. 
0	target just heard porcupine tree "lightbulb sun" into david bowie "sound & vision" on target & thought you'd like that mix. 
-1	santorum had "tingles down [his] spine" watching 1st debate i never want to see "santorum" and "tingles" that close. 
0	target niall, if i may ask when you, louis, zayn, liam, harry will concert in indonesia. i beg you 
1	yes mam! it certainly is a beautifully blessed sunday! may you all have a great day! love yeah Sister & roll tide! 
0	deal of the hour $2622 & up -- brazil, chile, uruguay & argentina tours w/air: through april deals. 
0	chris jericho talks ryback winning the title on sunday & says punk has reached his limit. 
0	i have to catch up on the vampire diaries, chelsea lately and the x factor 
0	new at the fix: 2012 fantasy football, week 9 rookie report: trent richardson primed for 2nd ha. 
0	tuesday's cable ratings: tnt, fx top charts with nba, "sons of anarchy. 
1	happy 18th birthday to my best friend and big brother target i love you i am happy. 
-1	i love the niners. this sandy thing was a bust. now i have to work tomorrow. 
0	nick foles attended the same high school as drew brees and broke all his records. this monday foles will continue his dominance over drew. 
0	don't flirt with disaster! get you tickets quick for molly hatchet at underworld - 1 dec. 
-1	february 13 is going to kill me target target target thanks for skipping indiana -.-. 
1	what? the jaguars may trade to get tim tebow from the jets? god is good, teams still want him. 
0	lsu football seeks payback vs. alabama in game with far-reaching implications - chicago sun -. 
1	the patriots game got cut off after taking a 38-7 midway through the 3rd quarter. 
0	cowboys will beat the falcons sunday night i guarantee it. 
0	Come On cbs! i want to watch the patriots! 
0	second lunch links: some linkage for you on a thursday: alabama will throw some different thin. second National Collegiate Athletic Association sports. 
-1	the devil inside with target we may die. 
1	target please justin follow me ! hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see you in paris for the 1st time ! je t'aime i love it. (. 
0	wait, i have to wait till jan. 8 for pretty little liars to come back on? that halloween special was just a tease. f**k my life lol. 
0	wed: preschool movie time, 9:30 ..; homeschooler's book discussion, 10:30 ..; afternoon tea with "downton abbey," 12:30 .. 
0	cheapest ticket available to watch el clasico at the bernabeu in march is 600 euros! someone is having a laugh. 
0	when wvu takes the field on saturday, it will have been 42 days since they last held an opponent under 45 points. 
-1	my dads all buying beds for the house in wisconsin . like bitch i haven't been there since 6th grade. 
0	reproductive science center of new england will be joining us this saturday for our annual conference. will you? 
1	photos emile heskey celebrates with team mate ruben zadkovich: newcastle, australia - october 26: . 
0	watching devil inside for the 2nd time and i'm about to freeking cry. 
0	damn ! i forgot have to take ces pictures tomorrow too ! definitely going to sleep right now ! goodnight everyone. 
1	tomorrow is my return to pca basketball! good to be back with target target again! 
0	mt target i will be on cbs friday morning, speaking about the possible link with global warming and the hurricane. 
0	patriots fans, patriots fourth and two returns friday at noon est. i hope you can take a listen. -vs-rams-recap. 
0	todays tuesday question: will you accept a bcs championship game without an second champion? the staff at cfn weighs in. 
0	vote & nominate selena at the people's choice awards, learn how: ~> voting time will close tomorrow! last day to vote! 
0	my picks for who i think will get the brownlow2012 points 3rd - scott thompson 2nd gary ablett 1st sam mitchell. 
1	target it was nice meeting you. looking forward to partying with you at the bachelor party nov 30th. target target. 
0	huge game for hokies tonight. account championship game on the line-- difference between potential bcs bowl game and 4th tier bowl game. 
0	[alabama live] lsu's les miles discusses saturday's showdown with alabama 
1	target come support the show/movement at parkdale high school on oct 26th from 8-11 with aja, dreamteam, hqb, dsb & hib. 
0	going to go see afrojack at excess in vegas this saturday with the bachelor. should we by the tickets online, or. 
0	13:58 steven pourier, jr. made the 2nd of the 2 shot free throw. dasu leads 90 - 36 in the 2nd half. 
1	oh my God saturday at 8, .. i love you premieres on abc family. 
1	woohoo! this will be the best good games ever! mt target tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe jan 13. 
1	target and hey tomorrows friday we all get on xbox and we all enjoy a little sesh on Modern Warfare 3 you down? 
-1	need to go see lana del rey in may but i'm pretty sure i'll be busy with exams then :. 
0	please may someone get me snow white and the huntsman when it comes out on monday? 
1	got so excited because today is thursday and grey's anatomy was coming on. but then target reminded me that it's not. 
0	irish clash tonight . big andy versus keano, Come On you whitecapsfc. 
-1	target hello do you mind if we go somewhere els tomorrow like bolton or somewhere your Gonna think this is so pathetic but i'm actually. 
1	good saturday afternoon workout. by myself! that's how i grind nowadays. at the playground with aaliyah now. 
0	this saturday,i'll watch on my tv, never say never. i want remember my world tour,his incredible kidrauhl's voice. 
1	just the fact that he has the title "ambassador" should be cool factor enough to make you come see jon huntsman on wednesday at i am happy.m! 
-1	bay head, ../boston, nov 2 - the people of the jersey shore may feel alone in the world right now, . 
-1	kind of want to go to anatomy tomorrow but i don't at the same time. 
1	speaking of kanye, he's a genius. like he may make stupid choices sometimes, but his way of thinking is amazing. 
-1	tyrann mathieu may have fucked up his career we know jordan jefferson bum ass did because he can't throw smh. 
0	mark it on your calendar. jon huntsman will be talking to duke students on the 30th with a live stream! 
-1	i may be in the slowest check out line ever. lady got to honey badger haircut and don't give a damn. 
0	target yes sir, going to georgia tomorrow for marisa's marathon. 
-1	i think the hawks defense allow to many 3rd and longs, the offense does not convert enough 3rd downs. an elite defense should d able 2 hold. 
1	i watched joyful noise for the 30th time . it keeps getting better and better . great actor and a better artists target i am happy. 
1	great class tonight! you all brought it 100% . i was dripping before the pushups tonight.see you tomorrow for zumba at 5:30. 
0	gotti tryna club on sat, so that's Probably the move on saturday if we don't find nun else to do. 
1	both of my teams are playing good games this weekend. one on sat & one on sun both at i am happy.m. maybe it's good luck. 
0	don't forget the hawks game against lsh of friday nught.45 knock out at the woodlands. 
1	target i know you may not have time but any chance me and the mrs can grab a photo at newcastle arena tomorrow? 
1	zumba! have you tried it yet? next session begins november 15th! sign up now, great way to keep up your cardio. 
1	hopefully i feel better by tomorrow because i want to go to the gotti concert with my friend. 
1	i am pretty excited to be going to indiana tomorrow! letsgohawk iowacheer iowafootball. 
0	sugar bowl for breakfast then stamford mall with friends from denmark. basketball tryouts for 7th grade. it's going to be a very long day. 
0	did target just compare aaron rodgers to matt flynn target Come On firsttake. 
1	target d'aw cuties i am happy.. liam you may need a blanket to keep your head warm love! haha love you .. 
1	cowboys gone beat the falcons sunday night. 
0	moving on.watching red tails with the best friend for the 3rd time in 5 days. 
0	target text me tomorrow if you get a chance! i watched tvd tonight. 
0	we all know I am not going to make it to thursday so I am a stay home that day and watch greys anatomy. 
0	links 1 nov: what does apple's 10-k filing tell us?: apple has just filed it's annual 10-k with the sec. for those unused to the arca. 
0	miss america is coming to buffalo on october 30th at the theodore roosevelt museum and historical site from. 
0	target you should get peyton manning or drew brees to talk about the sunday night game.or sean peyton to see how he's handling suspension. 
-1	here's video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost florida a shot at the national championship. 
-1	romney falsely claimed he saw his father march with mlk jr. -facts/ fact-88. anything he won't lie about? 
1	i can't wait until saturday! i'll be there 4 the pregame show tomorrow,i love college gameday &i'm glad gameday is here at lsu! geaux tigers! 
1	looking forward to tomorrow night i am happy. the man who sold the world - david bowie & the 1970's at showroom & workstation .ui6zoaafvpm.twitter. 
1	target please cani have a tweet or retweet because it is my 11th birthday thank you love you zayn malik. 
0	laughing my a** off my last retweet, i was popped from 6th grade to sophomore year, jr year i was doing something, and sr year, you couldn't tell me shit. 
0	ftr, re: osu/texas.the last half of the 4th quarter of the fiesta bowl was, at the time, the greatest then worst game i've seen in person. 
1	i'm just waiting for tomorrow because andy is going to make a triple double! target target. 
1	target pats fan here. how long are you in tampa? i fly in friday night. considering your budget, i'd love to buy you a cigar! 
1	target when you coming to barcelona, i think the 22 may but not sure. i love you zayn malik! 
0	day 3 and all the tray works in at f&b's in oldham. start wiring tomorrow sparkingat100mph. 
1	i have a whole day of history gcse tomorrow great! 
0	target got a photoshoot day on this sat at nlc. just mention because you'd asked about Pictures other wk. let me know if you want a slot booked. 
1	this christmas, all i'm asking for is a trip to watch miss america in january. it's the only thing i want. 
-1	all my thoughts and prayers go out to sergei bubka jr. who fell from the 3rd-floor-apartment in paris. 
0	dati sopa at pipa, ngayon cyber crime law?! may i know what's the content of this law first? boom, charot! 
0	today is the 1st int'l lennox-gastaut syndrome awareness day. take a moment to learn about lgs. 
-1	babe just left to tucson. i am sad. won't see him till saturday. 
1	after saturday bama's tide want be rollin any more. geaux tigers! 
1	happy all saints day. one of our freshman led us in beautiful litany of the saints today. tomorrow, we. 
1	huge day of national basketball association tomorrow. league pass is awesome. 
0	see yeah on 30 rock on thursday target they just announced it during the gb-hou game! i am happy. 
1	set your dvr's & vcr's, target is scheduled to make her guest appearance on 30 rock next thursday! 
1	what an amazing halloween weekend! a lot of great costumes! can't wait for the big night this wednesday! underworld at cinema! 
1	can't wait for tomorrow night's welcome to the underworld party - i love halloween! the question is, what. 
0	today is 12 october 2012. five years ago on 12 october 2007 the first wizards of waverly place episode ever premiered on disney channel.omg. 
-1	my guess is that the huntsman endorsement is a -1 in the 4th district race. -90/huntsman-matheson-jon-utah.html.csp utpol. 
-1	may just have to fuck with those hawks tomorrow! niggas love a deal. 
-1	that target ride along with les miles was the most awkward piece of television ever. 2nd place is this hello piece. 
0	paid in full, juice, the friday movies and atlanta are classics. 
1	going to the mall tomorrow to get some xbox live for tuesday and maybe some edo'. i wish i could have that stuff all day mmm. 
1	target target soton v everton originally sat 3pm 19th jan. rescheduled for the monday i am happy.m. nice one sky. 
-1	target big ben had the best rookie year out of all those quarterbacks and when he one his 2nd super bowl had a terrible line. 
0	maidstone in kent this morning ! with an alfa - wisbech for a honda tomorrow brings swansea then return from. 
1	wondering how much i love my lakers. $380 for two lower level tickets when they play the mavs on nov 24th! thinking really hard about it. 
0	halloweensong now playing x files, phantom of the opera, halloween, friday the 13th, psycho, devil's rejects - what are you listening to? 
1	target is so damn cute! 1 day to go directioners! it's coming out at 8 tomorrow! liam 2mm morning -all-. 
1	friday has arrived. i have to admit that rebecca black's song doesn't sound so lame when it's actually friday. 
0	getting the kidz ready for aaliyah's 2nd birthday party. 
0	saturday night = horror movie marathon night with friends. the devil inside. the ring. next up. 
-1	the devil inside may be the worst movie i've ever seen. 
-1	everything is the same with the heat. lebron can't play in the 4th, heat fans are still cocky as fuck, and chris bosh still a raptor! 
0	its going down this sat. bama vs lsu|oregon vs usc|ksu vs osu| and i have to watch texas vs texas tech. 
0	zayn, will you really take me there? wherever that may be. -25-sec-snippet?utm_source=soundcloud&utm_campaign=mshare&utm_medium=twitter&utm_content=-25-sec-snippet. 
0	watching red tails . for the 1st time. 
1	thank fuck it's friday. to all the lads off to newcastle have a good one. wish i was coming with ya. 
-1	report: steelers can't find hotel, to travel sun.: the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new york only hours before playing the giants . 
-1	let's all talk shit about the thunder at school tomorrow now. since they talk too much about the lakers. 
0	going to go to zumba with my mom mondays wednesdays and fridays then zumba at school on thursday and on tuesday kettle bell work outs! 
1	geaux tigers! come and tailgate with us at our neighborhood tailgate party saturday and enjoy yourselves to some bloody marys and mimosas. 
1	target take silver at the hib cup. great day. see you all target for the boogie starting tomorrow. 
0	2: sun records, the birthplace of rock, launch pad to careers of elvis, cash, lewis and other early rock gods. 
0	that game will be on sun night at 9 eastern in la and for vancouver it's seavrsl tomorrow night at 10. 
0	drake & the weeknd all day tomorrow. 
0	i may not be the biggest, but I am the realist -yo gotti. 
0	iowa state has the chance to affect the national championship game for the second year in a row this saturday -did-you-know-bcs-edition.html?spref=tw. 
0	on the blog: tues meme "like this, try this" via featuring pretty little liars, unearthly & sabrina the teenage witch. 
0	the bullshifter: saw my father march with martin luther king then: did not see it with my own eyes. -or-not-see/mark-hemingway. 
0	since everybody telling me i can't be a urban model+walk the run ways in paris! then I'm going to be the 1st to do it and prove them wrong. 
1	alex smith earned his 1st career no f**king clue offensive player of the week honor after completing 18-of-19 passes >i can still taste the bitterness. 
0	6 of the "7th wonders of nlc" while painting "dior and vogue eye jude law. 
1	over the last few months, i've really gotten to get a better knowledge of mitt romney. he may not be rick santorum, but he still has my vote. 
1	is tim tebow dating camilla belle?: everyone is interested in tim tebow. some people may not like him but you ha. 
0	only thing in the way from barstool uva tomorrow and college park this weekend is a paper and a shit ton of spanish hw. 
0	steelers will travel to new york on sunday for giants game: the pittsburgh steelers face the new york giants on . 
0	i want to go see sinister friday yo. am not been to the movies in a good min. i went by myself to see red tails. 
0	should i go to the mlk game tomorrow ? 
1	wvu game saturday with my girl wvu excited muah. 
1	target its midnight here in brazil so happy 23rd birthday, hope you enjoy your day and never stop being this amazing girl you are i love it.. 
1	target thnks for the fb! special promo: buy three bundles & get 4th on us! send five customers to receive free affiliate bundles! 
1	target can't wait to see you saturday! texas is ready for you i am happy. 
1	target tyler has a hockey game in the burg at lockwood arena at 830pm tomorrow night i am happy. 
1	its thursday and you know what that means! greys anatomy! and i've heard that target is brilliant tonight which is even better! 
1	i can not wait to be at the game on sunday with my boy target eli vs big ben. 
0	miles presser tidbits: les miles met with the media wednesday evening to give the latest pr. 
1	holy c0w just in time for halloween we got the possession aug 30, & pa4 oct 19 i hope to god that'll be better than devil inside! 
0	currentevents poor aaron barr, he learned about anonymous the hard way. tomorrow we look at pipa, sopa, and acta. 
1	hawks game tomorrow. i'm fuckin with it. 
1	best part of friendship with target thursday convos are shut down in time for 30 rock. 
0	chris jericho brings his hard rockin outfit target to the mod club monday! 
1	daniel radcliffe was sooo attractive in the 3rd and 5th films oh my God I am in love. 
1	i open pandora and etta james is playing! way to start the day off right! motown music friday. 
0	franklin cty gop plans to hold eisenhower day dinner tonight, although keynote speaker, former .. rick santorum, may not attend. 
0	we'll have a live webcast available for the jon huntsman event tomorrow at 10am. tune in if you can't make it! 
0	appeals court hears challenge to florida drug testing law: arguments were heard in the 11th circuit court of app. 
1	the xfactorusa result's show will be aired in the philippines tomorrow night! target will definitely be in the top 12! good night! 
1	target its my 19th birthday and you're my favorite pats player! can i get a rt!?! 
0	finally finished my first season on fifa13 signed kaka and jordan rhodes and finished 2nd in the league, champo lge football I am aston villa. 
-1	i kicked off type 1 diabetes awareness day with a high blood sugar thanks to too many chocolates last night. well, there's always tomorrow. 
0	listen to abc Right now weekend arts tomorrow just after the 2pm to hear 'swedish for argument' artist emma white & curator holly williams. 
1	nice day in tucson again. -november-on-a-warm-note/?utm_source=kvoa.com&utm_medium=twitter. 
1	white collar returns with new episodes in january.happy camper tweet. 
0	i have a dream poster promoting an april 4, 1968 appearance by dr. martin luther king at the south. 
1	we are on our way to target to start setting up ready for saturday bonfire & fireworks.a great fireworks display are you going? 
-1	it's been in the 50-60s all week. this weekend its gone be back in the 70s then on monday its droppin back down to the 50s. fuck atlanta weather. 
1	end of the 2nd. 3-1. jason for all 3. keep it up boys! 
1	target garrett, you are awesome and it was so cool talking to you tonight! david bowie forever \m/ see you tomorrow, hombre. 
1	who had two thumbs and is the happiest girl in the world because she might get greys anatomy season 4 tomorrow? oh yeah, thats me! i am happy. 
-1	just don't understand teacher over back thought he would come out and est. some running game in the 2nd half than go play action on an aggressive unc. 
1	opportunity sat ii:a wolverine w puts us in the orange bowl. i hope the staff brings a right attitude so the boys can play loose and fast! 
0	web youtube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor: google on thur. 
1	going to change my tumblr theme. i hope i can finish it later so that tomorrow, i can practice my performance on english monologue. i am happy. 
0	i'm so jealous of everyone at the justin bieber concert. no worries tho. ill be seeing maroon 5 in march. target roadtrippin. 
0	jim harbaugh, alex smith drive giants world series parade cars: earlier wednesday we told you that jim harbaugh . 
0	trending: tim tebow is now dating cave woman from 10,000 bc. 1st date question: "what was it like in a time before jesus?" tebowmania. 
